Come learn about studying at Tech's European Campus at the FASET Resource Fair!
Come learn about studying at Tech's European Campus at the FASET Resource Fair!
Come learn about studying at Tech's European Campus at the FASET Resource Fair!
Join the hunt for elements associated with campus buildings and win fabulous prizes!
Join the hunt for elements associated with campus buildings and win fabulous prizes!
Join the hunt for elements associated with campus buildings and win fabulous prizes!
Join the hunt for elements associated with campus buildings and win fabulous prizes!
Check out over 40 startups on Demo Day
Join the hunt for elements associated with campus buildings and win fabulous prizes!
Join the RESILIENCE ERG for a one-of-a-kind discussion on personal resilience.
Interested in continuing or even starting dance at Georgia Tech? Join us at our Fall 2019 Workshop and Info Session.
Session Full - Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Join us at the Kickoff on Tuesday, August 27, 2019, to learn more about our workshops, projects, opportunities and much more you can get as a member of DSGT!
Come to our kickoff to learn more about membership in the Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers! We will be having free food at the event as well as general information.
Stop by for free pizza & giveaways, and to learn more about how to join our competitive teams
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Make a movie in a week for free!  Learn how at the Campus Movie Fest info session.
Interested in working on sustainable, community-driven engineering projects throughout the world? Come to the Engineers Without Borders Information Session on September 3 to learn more about how we are building a better world! 
Join us for an introductory meeting with a special talk by Dr. Mavris, director of ASDL, followed by a resume workshop hosted by two Spaceworks Enterprises employees!
Make a movie in a week for free!  Get started at the Campus Movie Fest launch.
Come on out to the Meditation Club's first General Meeting of Fall 2019. This is a great opportunity to see who we are as a club and what we have to offer. 
Join us for this Thursday's professional development session before the first annual Queer Career fair for tips and tricks!
Come out to our first meeting of the year on September 5th at 6:30 PM in Skiles 171. We will be getting to know this year's members as well as discussing interest and potential events for the year. 
Submit your best travel photos of the year!
Join us in Skiles 270 for No Lost Generation Student Initiatives first general body meeting! We will be discussing our goals and projects for the year. 
Join us at our first meeting of the year to learn more about our JDRF One Walk to Cure Diabetes team and to hear about how we have been advocating for students on campus who have diabetes!  
Come and learn more about internship and full-time opportunities at P&G! Hosted by the Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers.
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Join SCPC for a free showing of Crazy Rich Asians! 
Please join us, both new members and continuing members to catch up on upcoming events and service opportunities for the fall semester!
Are you looking for a leadership opportunity on campus? Learn more about the Healthy Jacket peer education program during one of the interest meetings!
Meet us in Steamboat Springs, Colorado for the 41st ski/snowboard trip from December 15-21. This information meeting will answer all questions you may have regarding this upcoming trip. 
Past founders will discuss their launch experiences, the current state of their company, and future plans with you.
Meet with Peace Corps Recruiter, and Returned Peace Corps Volunteer, Flora Tano, to learn more about volunteer experiences and have your questions about applying and service answered!
Join us to get any of your startup/innovation/entrepreneurship questions answered!
Join us for this teaching and learning workshop for faculty!
Everyone is welcome to join us and hear about the great research being done by postdocs at Georgia Tech
Join us September 19 for the Edge peer mentoring program's 2019 kick-off!
Join us for coffee hour as we discuss global health, sustainability, and other health topics on your mind!
Join us for Webinar #1 in the GA Smart Webinar Series.
SKY at Georgia Tech brings to you its signature workshop, SKY Happiness Retreat! 
SKY at Georgia Tech brings to you its signature workshop, SKY Happiness Retreat! 
SKY at Georgia Tech brings to you its signature workshop, SKY Happiness Retreat! 
Receive feedback on your resume from companies attending the CoC Career Fair in Klaus Atrium from 11am-3pm! 
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Join us to celebrate the start of the school year and expand your professional network. 
Join us to learn about esports' impact as a STEM motivator.
Join Walmart representatives to learn about their open opportunities at 6:30pm in Howey L5!
Join us to spread awareness on the climate and ecological crisis and how you can help out! 
Please join us, both new members and continuing members, to catch up on upcoming events and service opportunities for the fall semester!
Join VMware for a night of networking to learn about their open opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students! 
Our biggest event of the year and the best place to learn about all things study abroad!
Global, national, and entrepreneurial companies want to meet you at the Virtual Career Fair
Learn about the 60+ minors that Georgia Tech has to offer, all in one location at one time!
Join us to explore using analytics in Canvas!
Join us to spread awareness on the climate and ecological crisis and how you can help out! 
Georgia Tech Trailblazers, Eco-Addendum, Friends of Cascade Springs and WAWA invite you to an outdoor educational experience!
Are you looking for a leadership opportunity on campus? Learn more about the Healthy Jacket peer education program during one of the interest meetings!
Join Asurion from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their many open opportunities! 
This FREE event is a reception where local companies and startups in the energy field will be answering your questions, showcasing their products and ideas, and networking with students, and offer information about their company. 
Join Union Pacific from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about the importance and role of technology for railroads! 
Join the search for your next job and internships at the Transportation career fair organized by ITE, ITS, WTS, and ASHE
Join Viasat from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn more about their open opportunities! 
If you manage people, don't miss the next HR Topics for Managers on Tuesday, October 15! 
Join Equifax for their Day in the Lobby from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn more about their open internship roles! 
Join Zillow for their Day in the Lobby from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their open Software Development Engineer Internship! 
The GT CNRS UMI Laboratory has been hard at work since 2006.  All are welcome to this event celebrating our achievements
Come out as we watch some of our favorite health-related documentaries! We will also be discussing our service project for this semester
CDN@GT is participating in this year’s JDRF One Walk to Cure Diabetes, and we need you to join us in raising money for a cure! 
Join Amazon in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm to meet their team of Amazon Software Development Engineers with any questions you have about what it's like to work at Amazon!
Join Amazon from 6:30pm-7:30pm to learn about their full-time and internship opportunities, culture and the recruitment process. 
Join the Aerospace Corporation from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their open positions for new grads and interns! 
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and learn more about Security & Approval Workflow!
Join us for our 2nd installment of the 2019-20 GA Smart Webinar Series!
A Fun Evening of Relaxation and Writing with North Ave Review & Erato
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
Join Walmart from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn about their open opportunities!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and learn more about Security & Approval Workflow!
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
Please join OIE and WorldStrides for a chance to learn about and explore identity in different contexts.
A speed-networking event where you can find your startup's co-founder
SKY at GT brings to you an interactive session on meditation. 
We're playing oneshots together! An entire game played all at once. Choose from three different pitches and show up in Skiles at 2pm! Here's the survey to RSVP. See you there!
Come join Georgia Tech AIAA on November 4th as we host Virgin Orbit for an Information Session! 
Join us to get any of your startup/innovation/entrepreneurship questions answered!
Get 1-on-1 consulting with German faculty and students about resumes, research, startups, German classes and more!
Join representatives from Varian Medical Systems from 11am-3pm in the CCB commons to learn more about their open opportunities! 
Everyone is welcome to come hear from sustainability organizations across campus.
Join OpenIDEO Atlanta Chapter for our Design Jam with Wish for WASH and help us design an enjoyable bathroom experience.
Apply now for a chance to bring your startup to life this summer and make an impact!
Stop by the U.S. Passport Fair on Wednesday, November 13th to find everything you need to process your passport application in one convenient location! 
Join L3Harris Technologies in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm to learn about their open opportunities!
Join representatives from L3Harris Technologies at 6:30PM in Klaus 1116EW to learn about the early stages of self-discovery as a young professional to defining your mark and establishing yourself as a thought leader.   
Join us for this Teaching with Technology Spotlight!
Come see videogames created by your fellow Tech colleagues! Free pizza for all who participate!
Join us to get any of your startup/innovation/entrepreneurship questions answered!
