Join us for brunch as we celebrate the beginning of a new academic year at Georgia Tech!
Get to know your Georgia Tech Library the first week of school and celebrate with a pizza party on the seventh floor complete with loads of vintage video games. 
Stop by to get your picture taken on the first day of school! 
The entire Georgia Tech community is invited to kick off the fall intramural season with the Flag Football Classic!
Get to know your Georgia Tech Library the first week of school and celebrate with a pizza party on the seventh floor complete with loads of vintage video games. 
Get to know your Georgia Tech Library the first week of school and celebrate with a pizza party on the seventh floor complete with loads of vintage video games. 
Get to know your Georgia Tech Library the first week of school and celebrate with a pizza party on the seventh floor complete with loads of vintage video games. 
Lunch, socialization, and games for Wreck Camp 2019 staff and campers!
Join the Women's Resource Center for a welcome reception for first-year women! 
SCPC and the CRC presents movies under the stars Avengers Endgame! 
Get to know your Georgia Tech Library the first week of school and celebrate with a pizza party on the seventh floor complete with loads of vintage video games. 
Stock your fridge with winnings from Tech Rec's Grocery Bingo Night!
Fun evening to welcome all students back to campus.
Come on out for a celebration of Tech's most loved traditions, games, free food and t-shirts!
Come to the Academic Quizbowl Team's first meeting of the year
Come to J.S. Coon 148 for our first Psych Club Meeting of the Fall semester! We'll all get to know each other and start planning out the semester.
Join the Physician Assistant club for our first meeting of fall 2019! 
Join Omega Phi Alpha by the CRC volleyball courts to roast some s'mores and sunset beach volleyball! Just bring yourself (and a friend too, if you want)! 
Come join us as we kick off the fall semester with an introduction to VSA and reveal our upcoming events planned for this year!
Join Omega Phi Alpha in IC 211 for some trivia and sweet treats! Just bring yourself (and a friend too, if you want)!
If you want to celebrate a night of festivities, dance and delicious Indian food, come out to India Club at Georgia Tech's annual Garba!
Come join us for the Wreck Camp reunion games! 
Come join the Squash Club at Georgia Tech for their first event of the semester! 
Attention all Faculty -- join us for lunch at the Ferst Center Center for the Arts!
You are invited to attend Scouts Day at Georgia Tech on Saturday, September 14th!
SKY at Georgia Tech invites you to discover Yoga!
Come to ASA’s Interhouse Sports on Saturday, September 21, so you can not just play your favorite athlete but be your favorite athlete! 
If you want to celebrate a night of festivities, dance and delicious Indian food, come out to India Club at Georgia Tech's annual Garba!
Come out to the Transfer Student Association's General Body Meeting! 
Looking for a sweet way to cool off from this September heat?! GT VSA will be hosting a Jeni's Ice Cream social 
RHA's staple fall event is BACK! Come out to Tech Rec next Thursday, September 26th from 7-9pm, to enjoy a night filled with sweet Mocktails, bopping music, intense ping pong, fun bowling, crazy video games, and more!
The Ballroom Dance Club at Georgia Tech is excited to present another magical social dance.
Come celebrate the start of Fall!
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is recruiting for new members! 
Join us during OUT Week for an awesome brunch hosted for our LGBTQIA community.
Come out for a fun night of magic and comedy!
Create decorations for Homecoming and learn about the Dec-a-Door Competition!
Come and get a sneak peek of all the HSOC classes being offered in the spring, mingle with faculty and students, have some lunch, and participate in an awesome book raffle!
SKY at Georgia Tech invites you to discover Yoga!
GT Trailblazers invites you to our Fall Break trip to Cloudland Canyon State Park! 
GT Trailblazers invites you to our Fall Break trip to Cloudland Canyon State Park! 
GT Trailblazers invites you to our Fall Break trip to Cloudland Canyon State Park! 
GT Trailblazers invites you to our Fall Break trip to Cloudland Canyon State Park! 
The Georgia Tech Vietnamese Student Association would like to invite you to our 10th annual Moon Festival!
Be a part of Georgia Tech's Biggest Day of Service! 
Please join us for a mass in Spanish celebrating the Peruvian feast of Señor de Los Milagros. 
Join RHA for a night filled with tons of fun games, free food, and karaoke!
Join us in Tech Rec on October 29 for a night of fun and games!
Come join us for our annual Coffee and Donuts Social!
Meet me at CRC for the 10th Annual Halloween Holla 5k!
Stop by the Georgia Tech-Lorraine table in the student center for flyers and Halloween candy!
Get ready for a haunted knight you'll never forget!
Come out to watch a varieCome watch Georgia Tech's most unique event in Homecoming: the Wreck Parade!  ty of vehicles drive down Fowler Street before the big game. The parade will run down Fowler Street from Eighth Street to Fourth Street.
Come out and see the Rollergirls of GSU vs Yellow Jacket Roller Derby for our fall bout! 
Are you a first generation student? Come celebrate on Tech Green on November 8!
Wreckless is hosting a silent disco event on Peters Parking Deck on November 8th, and everyone is invited!
Wreckless is hosting a silent disco event on Peters Parking Deck on November 8th, and everyone is invited!
The Ballroom Dance Club cordially invites you to our last social dance of the semester, the Fire & Ice Masquerade on November 9th!
Come out and volunteer at the Children's Museum at Atlanta's harvest festival celebration! 
Please join us, the sisters of the Nu Chapter of Omega Phi Alpha, for Meet the Sisters!
Calling all of Georgia Tech nature-loving tribe to the campfire for an invigorating round of stories at the close of the day.
Come show off your Super Smash Bros skills at The Ultimate Smash Ultimate Tournament!
Happy Holidays!  Chamber Orchestra presents your favorite holiday tunes. 
Join us for the showcase and reception.
Join us Nov. 23-24 at 7:30pm for an evening of your favorite tunes created solely through the vocals of these talented ladies!
Join us Nov. 23-24 at 7:30pm for an evening of your favorite tunes created solely through the vocals of these talented ladies!
NOT GOING HOME FOR THANKSGIVING? Tech Wesley and Grace House invite you to Friendsgiving: A Community Dinner 
Free concert of holiday anthems!
