Theology of the Body is the Catholic Church's teaching on marriage, family, gender, sexuality, and more, as developed by Pope St. John Paul II.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Galen Reeves from Duke University.
Join the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs and the Center for International Strategy, Technology, and Policy as they host Dr. Dimitri Mavris.
The keynote speaker and IEN 2019 Meindl Lecturer is Julia Greer, Professor of Materials Science, Mechanics, and Medical Engineering at CalTech, who will speak on “Materials by Design: Three-Dimensional (3D) Nano-Architected Meta-Materials”.
Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc. (SGH®) is an award-winning engineering firm. 
The School of History and Sociology presents the first speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Anne Pollock from King's College London.
From 11am -12pm, Dr. Wayne Clough, former president of Georgia Tech and former Secretary of the Smithsonian, will give a reading from and answer questions about his recently published book, Things New and Strange: A Southerner's Journey through the Smiths
Join colleagues to discuss Georgia Tech's response to the impending DOE call for Energy Frontier Research Center (EFRC) grants.
Join the Women’s Resource Center, Women in Engineering, and the Center for Women, Science, and Technology for a welcome reception!
Adam Barkley, Solutions Architect in the Power Electronics Systems R&D team at Wolfspeed
The Sept. 18 Georgia Electronic Design Center Seminar features Roozbeh Tabrizian of the University of Florida speaking on "Mixed-Domain Nano-Systems for Integrated Radio Frequency Communication Applications."
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Chandrajit Bajaj from the University of Texas.
As part of Institute Diversity’s Intercultural Lecture Series, the 2019 HHM Lecture will feature Rosario Marin, former U.S. Treasurer, public speaker, political analyst, and author​.
Documentary on a soul-searching journey to the roots of Brazil and discussion with co-producer Kirk Bowman of School of International Affairs. Faculty, students, staff and friends are invited
John Lanier, Executive Director of the Ray C. Anderson Foundation and co-author of Mid-Course Correction Revisited, will discuss the life and work of his grandfather Ray C. Anderson.
Provost Rafael L. Bras has convened a search committee tasked with selecting the new dean for the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts, following the departure of Dean Jacqueline Royster. 
Mr. Bell offers a unique perspective on the prospects of security in Europe following the suspension of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
The School of History and Sociology presents the second speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Jack E. Davis from the University of Florida.
Dr. Jana Harmon recently finished her Ph.D. at the University of Birmingham, England in which she investigated atheist conversions to Christianity. 
This semester we will continue our discussion on "Health and Technology.” The Chief Information Officer at the Georgia Department of Public Health will speak about new technologies and initiatives at the agency.
Join the Institute for Materials for our Materials Innovation Lecture Series featuring  Dr. Aaron Stebner from the Colorado School of Mines.
The Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering invites you to hear "Space Situational Awareness:  New Challenges & Advances in Estimation, Data Sharing, and Privacy" a talk by Prof. Raktim Bhattacharya
Leaders in arts, science, business, and industry discussing global climate action
The School of History and Sociology welcomes James R. Elliott (Rice University) for a talk on the environment, sustainability, and community.
Please join Zillow’s Android Mobile Apps Engineer, Sivakumar Chellamuthu, for a discussion on the various innovations within the Zillow Rental Manager. 
Jeff Dean, a senior fellow from Google will be on campus to give a talk on using deep learning to solve challenging problems. 
The Atlanta Global Studies Center (AGSC) is pleased to announce the competition for 2020-2021 Foreign Language & Area studies (FLAS) Fellowships. FLAS fellowships can be used to study abroad (Summer) or on campus (academic year).
Important facts and must-do's for Family Medical Leave (FMLA), Disability, Sick, or Military Leave. Presented by Georgia Tech Human Resources Leave Specialist Athena Jones.
Students for Life is hosting Alveda King, niece of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Vijay Subramanian from the University of Michigan
The topic for the first Deep Startups of the Fall 2019 semester is Music Technology featuring Shachar Oren, previous Peloton executive for music innovation.
SLS welcomes Dr. Tiffany Johnson and Dr. Narin Hassan.
The School of History and Sociology presents the fourth speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Dana R. Fisher from the University of Maryland.
The School of Electrical and Computer Engineering presents the Jim Carreker Fireside Chat with Tip "T.I." Harris - Entertainment & Technology: Powering What's Next In The Atlanta Story 
Safe Space: Peer Education (SSPE) is a student version of Georgia Tech's Safe Space program. 
The Fall 2019 NANOFANS (Focusing on Advanced Nanobio Systems) Forum meeting will be held on October 10, 2019 (Thursday) from 11 AM – 2:30 PM at the Marcus Nanotechnology Building, Georgia Tech-Institute for Electronics & Nanotechnology (GT-IEN). 
The 8th Atlanta Conference on Science and Innovation Policy to be held on October 14-16 2019 at the Georgia Institute of Technology. 
The 8th Atlanta Conference on Science and Innovation Policy to be held on October 14-16 2019 at the Georgia Institute of Technology. 
The 8th Atlanta Conference on Science and Innovation Policy to be held on October 14-16 2019 at the Georgia Institute of Technology. 
PACE invites you to attend a workshop on Psi4 software taught by its author, Prof. David Sherrill. 
Join us Wednesday, October 16 for a lecture by Lydia Kallipoliti titled "History Machines: The Deviant Practice of Inhabiting Information"
Jung Han will speak on "New frontiers in GaN optoelectronic research" at the Center for Compound Semiconductors Seminar. He is the William Norton Professor in Technological Innovation in the Department of Electrical Engineering at Yale University.
Prof. Ashley D. Spear will give a talk
The School of History and Sociology presents the fifth speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Deboleena Roy from Emory University.
Collaboratorium and Lunch with a Member of the Atlanta Consular Corps - Conversation with Consul General Dr. Swati Kulkarni on Advancing India/Hindi Studies in the Greater Atlanta Region
REDESIGNING CITIES: The Speedwell Foundation Talks @ Georgia Tech is a series of talks and conversations between leading urbanists that address 21st Century challenges. 
The Southeastern Energy and Environmental Economics Workshop at Georgia Tech will be held October 24-25th, 2019.  The workshop focuses on the economic analysis of coupled energy, societal, and environmental systems. 
Please join the Center for International Strategy, Technology, and Policy for a discussion with Ivan Timofeev from the Russian International Affairs Council, who will be speaking on “Rethinking Sanctions Efficiency: The Evidence from 205 Cases of the U.S.
The Office of International Education will be hosting an informational presentation covering employment and family-based immigrant visas in the U.S. including H-1B work visas and avenues for legal permanent residency in the U.S.
The Southeastern Energy and Environmental Economics Workshop at Georgia Tech will be held October 24-25th, 2019.  The workshop focuses on the economic analysis of coupled energy, societal, and environmental systems. 
The Southeastern Energy and Environmental Economics Workshop at Georgia Tech will be held October 24-25th, 2019.  The workshop focuses on the economic analysis of coupled energy, societal, and environmental systems. 
Prof. Prof. Venkat Narayanswamy will give a talk 
Karen Head, associate professor, associate chair, and Executive Director of the Naugle Communication Center, will hold a reading of poetry from her new book Lost on Purpose, Wednesday, Oct. 30.
Dr. Bill Eiland of the Georgia Museum of Art will speak about collaborative exhibits
A talk by Prof. Brian German, director of the Georgia Tech Center for Urban and Regional Air Mobility
On November 4, the Center for European and Transatlantic Studies, a Jean Monnet Center of Excellence is honoring the 30th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
The School of History and Sociology presents the sixth speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, John McNeill from Georgetown University.
The Atlanta Global Studies Center (AGSC) is pleased to announce the competition for 2020-2021 Foreign Language & Area studies (FLAS) Fellowships. FLAS fellowships can be used to study abroad (Summer) or on campus (academic year).
On November 5, the Republic of Korea Consul General, Kim Young-jun will be on Georgia Tech’s campus speaking about the Korean and US alliance and economic partnership.
[BY INVITATION ONLY]  The Greater Atlanta Coalition for Global Education and Research (GAcGEAR) Global Expertise and Language Competence Taskforce and Strategy Event
Please join the Center for European and Transatlantic Studies and the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs for a panel discussion on "Breaking Up is (Still) Hard to Do: Brexit's State of Play and Consequences."
Join the School of City & Regional Planning, the Student Planning Association, and Diana Hernández, our featured guest, as we celebrate World Town Planning Day in Georgia Tech’s new Living Building, the Kendeda Building.
Ambassador H.E. Francisco Santos of the Embassy of Colombia in Washington, D.C. will join us for a conversation about “Colombia at the Crossroads of Peace.” He will be interviewed by Jennie Lincoln from the Carter Center.
The School of History and Sociology presents the final speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Paul Edwards from Stanford University.
Collaboratorium with Global Languages, Cultures, and Technologies (GLACT) Fellows
Annual Forum organized by The GT Center for Health and Humanitarian Systems (CHHS).
The Georgia Tech Alumni Association hosts a book-signing event for Michael E. Tennenbaum, Georgia Tech Foundation Trustee Emeritus and author of RISK: Living on the Edge. 
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by David Bamman, an assistant professor from the University of California, Berkeley.
BES Speaker Series: Jeff Foote, Southface Institute, Sustainability Consultant to The Coca-Cola Company
Admiral Sandy Winnefeld and Dr. Rachel Whitlark will discuss “A Commonsense Policy for Avoiding a Disastrous Nuclear Decision.” 
Join the International Living Future Institute (ILFI), NAACP, and the Georgia Institute of Technology for this innovative workshop.
AGSC Tuesday Collaboratorium: Lunch with a Member of the Atlanta Consular Corps -- Conversation with Consul General of Brazil, Carlos de Abreu: "Advancing Brazilian Studies in the Greater Atlanta Region"
Former Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy, Daniel Ponemon will speak about how climate change and nuclear proliferation are two existential threats to human existence. 
Presenters Renee Kopkowski, vice president of Institute Communications, Tracey Reeves, AVP of News and Campus Communications, and Stephen Norris, assistant director of Social Media, will share the vision of the Institute Communications leadership team.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Marija Mikic, Site Lead at Google Los Angeles.
Our Graduate Student Research Assistants will give a brief introduction into social network analysis.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Arthur Szlam from Facebook.
The Georgia Institute of Technology is hosting ICT for Health: Networks, standards and innovation, December 4-6
The Georgia Institute of Technology is hosting ICT for Health: Networks, standards and innovation, December 4-6
The Georgia Institute of Technology is hosting ICT for Health: Networks, standards and innovation, December 4-6
