We will discuss how we are going to spread awareness of humanitarian crisis in North Korea and raise money to support North Korean refugees.
WHEN AI RUNS THE WORLD: Algorithmic Harms and Policy Protections. 
Impact Presents: "How You Lead Matters"
Join Climate Reality leaders Alex Ip, Thiago Esslinger, and others outside the CULC to demand a cleaner climate and spread awareness on the Climate Crisis! 
Impact Presents: "Getting and Giving Meaning to Careers"
Student and Teacher communication is the backbone of effective classrooms.
"Networking for Entrepreneurs and How to Give an Effective Elevator Pitch" - Kirk Barnes, and Jane McCracken, ATDC
Josh Margolis from the Environmental Defense Fund's talk “Carbon markets -- Enabling Ambition or Shuffling the Deck Chairs"
PARKing Day draws attention to what we could do with land allocated to parking spaces.
Student and Teacher communication is the backbone of effective classrooms.
Explore human-centered design!
This talk explores how technologies can expand people to look beyond what they usually do.
Algorithms can give voice to the dead in this series of films by Gwenola Wagon & Pierre Cassou-Noguès
Jeff Dean "Deep Learning to Solve Challenging Problems"
Reduce Anxiety or Pain in Hospital Settings for Children and their Families for the Shaping the Future of Pediatrics Start Up Pitch Competition.
How can we build and implement Georgia Tech’s vision of making Atlanta the global leader in sports research, innovation, and technology?
Join Narin Hassan and Tiffany Johnson for a faculty research highlight: "The Body Keeps the Score: Embodiment as a Tool to Understand Health in Academia and Our Communities"
A humor-filled one-man show that embraces the autobiographical journey of a man who moves between cultures to provide a fascinating perspective of American Latinos who struggle with their identity
“Rethinking America's Urban Water Infrastructure: Resource Efficiency, Access, and Public Health”
Learn about US trade relations with its four largest trade partners - Europe, China, Mexico, and Canada - and the interactions among those relationships.  
This talk examines user experience issues that arise with autonomous driving.
Through an interactive case study of Tarana Burke’s #MeToo movement, we aim to engage the community in a critical dialogue surrounding Black women’s engagement in hashtag feminism through performance.
Through an interactive case study of Tarana Burke’s #MeToo movement, we aim to engage the community in a critical dialogue surrounding Black women’s engagement in hashtag feminism through performance.
"German Studies in a Globalized World”
'Resilience Through Moving to a New Country' panel event hosted by the Resilience and HOLA ERGs
Impact Presents: "Compassionate Tech: Utilizing Smart Tech to End Homelessness"
Impact Presents: "Compassionate Tech: Utilizing smart tech to end homelessness"
This talk aims to look at Swami Vivekananda’s thoughts on leadership and personal growth.
"Building Language Technologies for Social Good"
The purpose of the event is to discuss the stigmas regarding sexual violence and how they differ among various cultures.
This talk will introduce Disney Animation as created from a visionary who believed technology should be pushed to its limits.
Kenny Pugh presents Intro to Agile: an Alternative Approach to PM, a glimpse into Coca Cola’s transition from Waterfall to Agile
To ensure both the highest levels of health and academic performance of all Georgia Tech students, we need to understand the effects of food insecurity/security on health and academic performance.
Do We Necessarily Have More Cost-Effective Information with Bigger Data?
The Cecil B. Day Program for Business Ethics and Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works present 'The Office of Ethics & Compliance: Our Vision, Goals, and How You Can Help.'
Impact Presents: "Creating Cultures of the Future:How Intentional Leaders Drive Cultural Change"
Join retail technology experts, entrepreneurs, investors, and retailers as we discuss "Reimagining Retail" for the future.
This talk will discuss how everyday materials and familiar objects can be transformed.
Join Georgia Tech faculty for an exciting discussion on what motivates them to examine fairness in machine learning and what problems their research is hoping to solve.
Peter S. Dodds presents “The Science of Stories: Measuring and Exploring the Ecology of Human Stories with Lexical Instruments” on November 6.
Impact Presents: "Leadership In Times Of Rapid Change"
In this talk we look at how new design tools create opportunity without losing jobs, skills, and traditions.
Specialized lighting design is essential to promote overall health and well-being in older people. This seminar will describe specific lighting needs of this growing population.
Explores how bias and perception impact people’s thoughts and behaviors, resulting in differences in performance and productivity.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
Managing Uncertainty and Lessons Learned from Environmental Legacy Issues: Examples from PG&E
Impact Presents: "Gender Role Assumptions Impact Women's Financial Power Within Personal Relationships"
 A workshop focused on the challenges facing the nation’s electric systems. 
Telling deeply personal and honest stories can be therapeutic and cathartic for the storyteller; however, creating emotional experiences for audiences to connect is a whole other art form. 
In this talk improvisation is useful and applicable to the condition of today’s technology-imbued cities.
Dr. Yang Zhong will discuss the religiosity and socio-political values of Chinese Christian and how these views impact the development of civil society in China.
Based on questionnaires and extensive interviews, this lecture attempts to shed some empirical and comparative light on the religiosity and socio-political values of Chinese Christians.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
 A workshop focused on the challenges facing the nation’s electric systems. 
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
Transgender Day of Remembrance is an annual global commemoration of transgender people who have lost their lives to violence in the past year. 
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
Explore dance, beauty, and disability with this emotionally-charged work.
Come out to learn how to help reduce prejudice in the workplace by assisting individuals!
Explore life under the sea and how the ocean affects our day-to-day lives!
