The Center for Academic Success sponsors a half-day of workshops and faculty/student panels for undergraduates.
Annual First Friday welcome program for first-year students.
IRIM hosts a kickoff seminar event featuring presentations by robotics faculty.
IRIM hosts a semester kickoff event featuring presentations and posters by robotics faculty and students.
The GVU Center kicks off the weekly Brown Bag Seminar Series with a GVU Center overview and introduction of funded research projects.
Undergraduate Research Ambassador Open House
Rotary offers prestigious international scholarships of $30,000 or more for graduate students
IRIM hosts its annual Industry & Student Mixer
GTRI welcomes author Larry Loftis as part of its Friday Morning Seminar
The Georgia Tech Symphony Orchestra opens the fall concert season.
The Georgia Tech Concert and Symphonic bands join forces to open their concert season.
Meet & Greet reception for GeorgiaTech and GSU faculty, students, and staff
The Jazz Ensemble II and Jazz Combos present their first fall concert.
All of the Georgia Tech choirs come together for one unforgettable concert.
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensemble I and Chamber Orchestra join forces to present a concert of music composed by Aaron Copland. 
SGA Faculty Speaker Series
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
SGA Faculty Speaker Series
Sky @ Georgia Tech hosts a workshop on public speaking.
The Georgia Tech Treble Choir's fall concert
Georgia Tech's Rock and Pop ensemble bring you a night of classic tunes in their first show of the semester.
Talks@Tech is an annual speaker series organized by Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honor Society at Georgia Tech. 
Georgia Tech's Mini 500 race is a tradition that has been an essential part of homecoming events since 1969.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket Marching Band
Come enjoy cultural organizations, student art, live performances, and food.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
The GT Chorale and Treble Choir perform both serious and lighter works.               
The Veterans Resource Center is hosting a Veterans Day Lunch Monday November 11th for Student Veterans, Staff and Faculty. 
The College Diabetes Network at Georgia Tech hosts an educational event in honor of Diabetes Month.
Two Ph.D. students in the College of Sciences make it to the competition's final round. 
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Glee Club.
Four early film classics receive brand-new musical scores performed by the GT Symphony Orchestra.
The GT Chamber Choir performs settings of the "Song of Mary" that includes plainsong to modern works.          
Annual French event hosted by School of Modern Languages
A concert featuring Georgia Tech's Concert band and Symphonic band.
The GT Jazz Combos present their final Fall concert.
The Chamber Choir performs their increasingly popular student-led concert.
The oldest student organization on the GT campus performs its regular end-of-term concert with a variety of unaccompanied, zany, musical selections.
The Georgia Tech campus is closed in recognition of a national holiday
The Georgia Tech campus is closed in recognition of a national holiday
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensembles present their final Fall concert. 
CEISMC Hosts Winter Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
