The application for BuzzBike fall semester bike rental opens
Perform at numerous events, participate in dance covers, and have the opportunity to compete in local K-pop dance competitions
Chinese Christian Fellowship hosts a welcome party mainly for new Chinese students. Some team-building activities and the introduction of the fellowship will take place.
Meet Greet N' Munch is the first social event in the Fall 2019 hosted by Asha for Education GT chapter for welocming the new students on campus. 
The Inclusion, Advocacy, & Support Collective will welcome students at Second Saturday event
Come audition for Nothin' but Treble, Georgia Tech's premier all-female a cappella group. 
Come audition for Nothin' but Treble, Georgia Tech's premier all-female a cappella group. 
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
Join the Women's Resource Center for Graduate Women’s Welcome event!
Circle K is the world's largest collegiate organization. 
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
The Waterski and Wakeboard Club will discuss the status of the club and possible future trips.
The Student Veterans at Georgia Tech are having their annual luncheon and networking reception.
An Inform Georgia Tech Series Event: Driving Your Career at Tech
LGBTQIA Resource Center will host its Student Welcome Reception
GT Off-Road (Baja SAE) is recruiting new members! 
Campus Safety Day is a large scale event highlighting safety resources in and around the campus community.
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
The Web of Brilliance hosts an informal chat with Mike Meyer of the Chattahoochee Riverkeeper
Wreck Racing is student-led competition team that builds vehicles to compete in the Grassroots Motorsports Magazine $2000 Challenge. 
The USG is hosting four regional forums as part of its public outreach for feedback on its draft goals.
This event will provide information for new and returning SHS Ambassadors. 
“Trailblazers: The Struggle and the Promise” – a dedication of bronze sculptures in honor of the first African American matriculants and the first African American graduate of the Georgia Institute of Technology.
First meeting of the year for Project Smile.
For The Kids at Georgia Tech, a student-led philanthropy benefitting Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, is seeking members.
PMI founder and Tech Alum Jim Snyder speaking as part of week long activities
An event where industry supply chain representatives meet with supply chain students
Service fraternity Alpha Phi Omega will be hosting Smash N' Cakes, an event in which we play Smash Bros and make pancakes.
The USG is hosting four regional forums as part of its public outreach for feedback on its draft goals.
Join us for Georgia Tech Pride Alliance's first annual Queer Career Fair! 
OpenIDEO hosts a night of networking and food through the lens of paper airplanes.
The Georgia Tech student chapter of the Intelligent Transportation Society is having a technical session
Join Health Initiatives in bringing the Think Fast Trivia Game Show to campus! 
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
Impact Presents: "Alex Gonzalez, Atlanta Metro Chamber"
 Provides a friendly competition where students play on teams that represent different countries across the world. Offered in collaboration with GT-SHPE. Sponsored by Eaton Corporation. 
Google Networking Session and LGBTQ+ "Ask Me Anything" Panel
Join us for the 2019 Atlanta Practices Lecture by Joe Greco of Lord Aeck Sargent, A Katerra Company.
Welcoming All Ivan Allen College Undergraduate Parents and Families
The Georgia Tech American Red Cross Club is participating in a 5K volunteer event for Miles for Melanoma on October 5.
Join YDSA GT's Immigration Committee for a teach-in about the University System of Georgia's Board of Regents Policy 4.1.6.
Join Pride Alliance a number of on campus student organizations and departments as we welcome Atlanta Pride on Campus. 
TWiM will be recording a live podcast from Georgia Tech. 
Grad Chat is an initiative of Graduate SGA, a series of student-group discussions.
Join the Student Government Association’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee and the Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology for the kickoff of the Menstrual Product Program.
Zeta Tau Alpha, is hosting Rumble for the Ribbon - our annual flag football tournament benefitting Breast Cancer Education and Awareness.
We're holding our first regional event in Atlanta, Georgia as part of PAAIA's Civic Engagement Initiative.
India Club at Georgia Tech Presents Diwali Carnival!
2019 Lichten winner Ben Leo will talk with rotorcraft enthusiasts about how to submit 
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry. 
Join us for Episode #9 of the Speedwell Foundation Talks and the Newsweek Momentum Awards.
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry. 
Impact Presents: Elaine Dinos, Kindred
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry. 
Join us for an open house to celebrate the completion of The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design. 
ECN Professional Development Committee: Knowing Your Worth
Join Pride Alliance for a conversation that covers the basics of PrEP, getting tested for HIV and STIs, consent, and dispels myths about HIV, queer sex, and more
Celebrate Halloween designing costumes with Design Bloc and OpenIDEO Atlanta Chapter at Georgia Tech. 
For the Kids at Georgia Tech (FTK) raises money and awareness for Children's Miracle Network and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
Drop in and celebrate Three Days of Gay Christmas with the LGBTQIA Resource Center. 
The Student Government Association’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee hosts a discussion about USG policy 4.1.6.
A-Town Showdown: Join A-Town Showdown and Chai Talks GSU to discuss queer & trans identity within the South Asian community while enjoying chai and other snacks.
The Annual NPHC Homecoming Stepshow, showcasing our Divine 9 organizations. 
In 1911, the first Cake Race was held as an open cross-country run at Georgia Tech. 
Asha for Education hosts a game night benefitting underprivileged children in India.
Sponsored by the Green Chamber of Commerce and RCE Greater Atlanta
An event where industry supply chain representatives meet with supply chain students
Send Silence Packing® is bringing their nationwide exhibit to our campus as a part of their mission to end the silence that surrounds mental illness and suicide. 
A roundtable discussion for all cultural and religious/spiritual organization leaders.
Greek Allies is Georgia Tech’s LGBTQIA ally training program for fraternity and sorority members.
Pride Alliance hosts a conversation on the life and culture at Tech and how it impacts queer students specifically.
SEDS and WoAA are sponsoring an info talk with recruiters from Blue Origin
Taste of Africa is a gala inundated with treasures of African cultures. 
 Documentary Screening Co hosted by CHHS and France Atlanta 
Join the Event Coordinators' Network for the 11th Annual Workshop, Celebrating 10 Years of Event Planning Excellence
Meet & Greet: YouTube sensation Zach Kornfeld of the Try Guys
Join OIE for a men of color panel discussion about international experiences. 
Join this listening salon featured as a part of the Ethics Awareness Week, organized by Graduate Student Government Association and Office of Ethics and Compliance.
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
Celebration event for graduates and their families.
