Check out the annual Campus Recreation Center (CRC) closure dates. 
IRIM and RoboGrads will host a new robotics students welcome and orientation on August 16, 2019.
Actuarial Club will have our first meeting of the semester on August 29th, 2019. We will go over what an actuary is, businesses scheduled to come this semester, and club dues. 
The Georgia Tech campus will be closed in observance of Labor Day.
The Housing Asignments office will be closed September 1.
The Housing Asignments office will be closed September 2.
This event will be rescheduled due to the potential impacts of Hurricane Dorian
Georgia Tech will be testing all of the emergency notification systems inlcuding the outdoor sirens and GTENS.
Join us on September 5, 2019 for Georgia Tech Smart Cities and Inclusive Innovation's GA Smart Fall Workshop!
This event will be rescheduled due to the potential impacts of Hurricane Dorian
Join incoming President Ángel Cabrera as he addresses the campus for the first time
The Institute for People and Technology will hold a town hall meeting and networking reception on Thursday, September 5.
Wreckfest tailgate to kick off Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Grace House proudly presents four new ministries starting on Monday, September 9.
The 2019 Fall All-Majors Career Fair will be held Sept. 9–10 
CARE's Ribbon Cutting to be celebrated during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Panel discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
The 2019 Fall All-Majors Career Fair will be held Sept. 9–10 
Workshop to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Speaker event to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Documentary & Discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Yoga on Tech Green to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Facebook will host global, live technical interview workshop on 2pm EST (11am PST) on Friday, September 13. 
Fall 2019 Thesis Information Session
Join SPC at Six Flags on Friday, September 20, 2019.
Join SPC at Six Flags on Friday, September 20, 2019.
Television service to the Georgia Tech campus will be disrupted starting Monday, September 23.
Television service to the Georgia Tech campus will be disrupted starting Monday, September 23.
Television service to the Georgia Tech campus will be disrupted starting Monday, September 23.
IDEaS will host a coffee break for research administrators on September 25.
Calling all student artists: submissions for the fall 2019 Clough Commons Art Crawl are open until Friday, Sept. 27.
The ABLE Alliance at Georgia Tech Fall Kick Off and Social Mixer will be held on Sept. 27 at 11 AM.
Calling all student artists: submissions for the fall 2019 Clough Commons Art Crawl are open until Monday, Sept. 30.
The annual Institute Retirement Dinner will be held on Tuesday, October 1, 2019.
John Huff, CE 68, chairman of Oceaneering International Inc. will speak Oct. 3
Ebola Responder Reports on Latest Developments in Congo
ASB Fall 2019 trips will take place this October!
ASB Fall 2019 trips will take place this October!
ASB Fall 2019 trips will take place this October!
ASB Fall 2019 trips will take place this October!
On October 19th, we will be volunteering at Birthright of Atlanta Pregnancy Resource Center. 
Staff Council Fall Harvest Meet & Greet
Ceremony introduces the twelfth president of Georgia Tech
RESCHEDULED FOR NOV. 1. Physics students organize Halloween fun to raise funds for student travel to conferences.
EAS will be hosting former GT EAS student Lauren Reaves, meteorologist at NWS Peachtree City, GA, for their weekly weather chat!
Submissions for the Fall 2019 Convergence Innovation Competition are due by midnight on Sunday, November 10.
The Georgia Tech Observatory welcomes viewers of Mercury's transit across the sun on Nov. 11.
GT-RNOC and IPaT will host the judging and demo event of the Fall 2019 CIC on Wednesday, November 13.
Fall 2019 Undergraduate Research Fair
Get an insider’s view of DESCENT before the November 23rd performance.
