IRIM and RoboGrads will host a new robotics students welcome and orientation on August 16, 2019.
The application for BuzzBike fall semester bike rental opens
Chinese Christian Fellowship hosts a welcome party mainly for new Chinese students. Some team-building activities and the introduction of the fellowship will take place.
Meet Greet N' Munch is the first social event in the Fall 2019 hosted by Asha for Education GT chapter for welocming the new students on campus.
The Inclusion, Advocacy, & Support Collective will welcome students at Second Saturday event
Undergraduate Research Ambassador Open House
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
Join us for our monthly SCL IRC seminar to learn about affiiliated faculty research
Meeting for the group Eagles@GT.
David Henry Hwang's YELLOW FACE seeks actors
David Henry Hwang's YELLOW FACE seeks actors
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
“What I Wish I Knew Then, That I Know Now” with Pre-Health, Fellowship and Undergraduate Research student panel
(FACULTY/STAFF ONLY)  A presentation on the organization of Georgia Tech's research administration
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
A session dedicated to being successful in Pyscholohy at Tech.
PURA Proposal Writing Workshop
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
Presentation of STIP Intern Research Projects
The Institute for People and Technology will hold a town hall meeting and networking reception on Thursday, September 5.
The event will provide some suggestions for Career Fair on Sept. 9-10. Experienced students will give guidance to newer students.
First meeting of the year for Project Smile.
An event where industry supply chain representatives meet with supply chain students
Training by Turning Technologies :PowerPoint power plays
Exponent and IEEE PES @ GT will be holding an info and recruiting session for PhD Students
(FACULTY/STAFF ONLY)  A town hall meeting for those who provide research administrative support
A reading of French playwrights work in conjunction with Modern Languages Lecture
2019 GTFWC Open House
Michael Laughter advises on elevator pitches and resumes
Fall 2019 Thesis Information Session
Documentary on a soul-searching journey to the roots of Brazil and discussion with co-producer Kirk Bowman of School of International Affairs. Faculty, students, staff and friends are invited
Official team tryouts for the GT Squash Club.
Join Cisco engineers for a tech talk and Q&A session at 6:30pm in Klaus 1443.
Come and partake in RUF's first "The Gospel in the Ordinary" roundtable discussion
Discuss the Strengths & Academics of MSE
A session dedicated to all things Biomedical Engineering
GTAAN  Meeting - College of Computing Open House
Join us for our monthly SCL IRC seminar to learn about affiiliated faculty research
IDEaS will host a coffee break for research administrators on September 25.
Algorithms can give voice to the dead in this series of films by Gwenola Wagon & Pierre Cassou-Noguès
Help maintain a garden with Students Organizing for Sustainability.
Google Networking Session and LGBTQ+ "Ask Me Anything" Panel
Join Lockheed Martin for a Digital Workplace Workshop at 5:45pm in Klaus 1116EW.
Join us for the 2019 Atlanta Practices Lecture by Joe Greco of Lord Aeck Sargent, A Katerra Company.
In this talk Morphing Matter Lab recent works are presented.
GTAAN Advising on The Rocks
'Resilience Through Moving to a New Country' panel event hosted by the Resilience and HOLA ERGs
ISyE Department Seminar - Bianca Maria Colosimo
Grad Chat is an initiative of Graduate SGA, a series of student-group discussions.
Q&A Session: Health Benefits Changes
Join us for Episode #9 of the Speedwell Foundation Talks and the Newsweek Momentum Awards.
Staff Council Fall Harvest Meet & Greet
Join us for our monthly SCL IRC seminar to learn about affiiliated faculty research
A festive showcase featuring pumpkins turned into spirited lanterns inspired by the study of influential designers.
A Fun Evening of Relaxation and Writing with North Ave Review & Erato
More details to come. Event to take place in the new Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
Diemo Schwarz of  is holding a talk about the research work conducted at IRCAM (Institute for Research and Coordination in Acoustics/Music).
Join Lockheed Martin for their Women in STEM Panel at 6:30pm in Klaus 1116EW.
More details to come. Event to take place in the new Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
More details to come. Event to take place in the new Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
ISyE Department Seminar - Kevin Leder
A-Town Showdown: Join A-Town Showdown and Chai Talks GSU to discuss queer & trans identity within the South Asian community while enjoying chai and other snacks.
An event where industry supply chain representatives meet with supply chain students
ISyE Department Seminar - Amin Karbasi
Join us for Dr. Burk’s presentation on her career, followed by a Q&A  and short reception
A roundtable discussion for all cultural and religious/spiritual organization leaders.
SEDS and WoAA are sponsoring an info talk with recruiters from Blue Origin
Documentary Screening Co hosted by CHHS and France Atlanta
Join us for our monthly SCL IRC seminar to learn about affiiliated faculty research
Join OIE for a men of color panel discussion about international experiences.
Informal networking opportunity with the WoGT ERG
Annual French event hosted by School of Modern Languages
CAS on Preparing for Finals
Poster fair to see and discuss cancer research with local experts and students
CAS on Preparing for Finals
ISyE Department Seminar - Asu Ozdagler
Register today for the Expenses Troubleshooting in Workday Info Session
CAS on Preparing for Finals
ISyE Seminar- Gian-Gabriel Garcia
This years Tech Topology Conference will be from December 6 to 8, with many distinguished speakers slated to give talks.
This years Tech Topology Conference will be from December 6 to 8, with many distinguished speakers slated to give talks.
This years Tech Topology Conference will be from December 6 to 8, with many distinguished speakers slated to give talks.
Informal networking opportunity with the WoGT ERG
Celebration event for graduates and their families.
