The Center for Academic Success sponsors a half-day of workshops and faculty/student panels for undergraduates.
IRIM hosts a kickoff seminar event featuring presentations by robotics faculty.
IRIM hosts a semester kickoff event featuring presentations and posters by robotics faculty and students.
The GVU Center kicks off the weekly Brown Bag Seminar Series with a GVU Center overview and introduction of funded research projects.
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
A celebration honoring Dean Royster.
Circle K is the world's largest collegiate organization.
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
The Waterski and Wakeboard Club will discuss the status of the club and possible future trips.
The Student Veterans at Georgia Tech are having their annual luncheon and networking reception.
An Inform Georgia Tech Series Event: Driving Your Career at Tech
LGBTQIA Resource Center will host its Student Welcome Reception
Campus Safety Day is a large scale event highlighting safety resources in and around the campus community.
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
The Web of Brilliance hosts an informal chat with Mike Meyer of the Chattahoochee Riverkeeper
Wreck Racing is student-led competition team that builds vehicles to compete in the Grassroots Motorsports Magazine $2000 Challenge.
Wreckfest tailgate to kick off Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
For The Kids at Georgia Tech, a student-led philanthropy benefitting Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, is seeking members.
PMI founder and Tech Alum Jim Snyder speaking as part of week long activities
CARE's Ribbon Cutting to be celebrated during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Panel discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Workshop to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
IRIM hosts its annual Industry & Student Mixer
Employees across the University System of Georgia are invited to join the USG Team.
Speaker event to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Documentary & Discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Yoga on Tech Green to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Join us for Georgia Tech Pride Alliance's first annual Queer Career Fair!
OpenIDEO hosts a night of networking and food through the lens of paper airplanes.
The Georgia Tech student chapter of the Intelligent Transportation Society is having a technical session
The LGBTQIA Resource Center will host its ally training program.
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
GTRI welcomes author Larry Loftis as part of its Friday Morning Seminar
The Georgia Tech Symphony Orchestra opens the fall concert season.
Students for Life is hosting Alveda King, niece of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
The Georgia Tech Concert and Symphonic bands join forces to open their concert season.
Meet & Greet reception for GeorgiaTech and GSU faculty, students, and staff
The topic for the first Deep Startups of the Fall 2019 semester is Music Technology featuring Shachar Oren, previous Peloton executive for music innovation.
The Jazz Ensemble II and Jazz Combos present their first fall concert.
Parent & Family Programs collaborates with numerous campus partners and local vendors every fall to welcome back our families for a special weekend.
Welcoming All Ivan Allen College Undergraduate Parents and Families
Parent & Family Programs collaborates with numerous campus partners and local vendors every fall to welcome back our families for a special weekend.
The Georgia Tech American Red Cross Club is participating in a 5K volunteer event for Miles for Melanoma on October 5.
Parent & Family Programs collaborates with numerous campus partners and local vendors every fall to welcome back our families for a special weekend.
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensemble I and Chamber Orchestra join forces to present a concert of music composed by Aaron Copland.
Safe Space: Peer Education (SSPE) is a student version of Georgia Tech's Safe Space program.
Join YDSA GT's Immigration Committee for a teach-in about the University System of Georgia's Board of Regents Policy 4.1.6.
Join Pride Alliance a number of on campus student organizations and departments as we welcome Atlanta Pride on Campus.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
A faculty teaching and learning workshop from the Center for Teaching and Learning!
Join the Student Government Association’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee and the Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology for the kickoff of the Menstrual Product Program.
Zeta Tau Alpha, is hosting Rumble for the Ribbon - our annual flag football tournament benefitting Breast Cancer Education and Awareness.
We're holding our first regional event in Atlanta, Georgia as part of PAAIA's Civic Engagement Initiative.
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry.
Sky @ Georgia Tech hosts a workshop on public speaking.
The Georgia Tech Treble Choir's fall concert
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry.
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry.
Join us for an open house to celebrate the completion of The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design.
Celebrate Halloween designing costumes with Design Bloc and OpenIDEO Atlanta Chapter at Georgia Tech.
Georgia Tech's Rock and Pop ensemble bring you a night of classic tunes in their first show of the semester.
For the Kids at Georgia Tech (FTK) raises money and awareness for Children's Miracle Network and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
Talks@Tech is an annual speaker series organized by Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honor Society at Georgia Tech.
Drop in and celebrate Three Days of Gay Christmas with the LGBTQIA Resource Center.
The Student Government Association’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee hosts a discussion about USG policy 4.1.6.
The Annual NPHC Homecoming Stepshow, showcasing our Divine 9 organizations.
RESCHEDULED FOR NOV. 1. Physics students organize Halloween fun to raise funds for student travel to conferences.
Georgia Tech's Mini 500 race is a tradition that has been an essential part of homecoming events since 1969.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket Marching Band
Game Day Recycling Volunteer Opportunity
Sponsored by the Green Chamber of Commerce and RCE Greater Atlanta
Come enjoy cultural organizations, student art, live performances, and food.
Greek Allies is Georgia Tech’s LGBTQIA ally training program for fraternity and sorority members.
Join the School of City & Regional Planning, the Student Planning Association, and Diana Hernández, our featured guest, as we celebrate World Town Planning Day in Georgia Tech’s new Living Building, the Kendeda Building.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
The GT Chorale and Treble Choir perform both serious and lighter works.
The Veterans Resource Center is hosting a Veterans Day Lunch Monday November 11th for Student Veterans, Staff and Faculty.
Join the Event Coordinators' Network for the 11th Annual Workshop, Celebrating 10 Years of Event Planning Excellence
The College Diabetes Network at Georgia Tech hosts an educational event in honor of Diabetes Month.
The Georgia Tech Alumni Association hosts a book-signing event for Michael E. Tennenbaum, Georgia Tech Foundation Trustee Emeritus and author of RISK: Living on the Edge.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Glee Club.
Join this listening salon featured as a part of the Ethics Awareness Week, organized by Graduate Student Government Association and Office of Ethics and Compliance.
Four early film classics receive brand-new musical scores performed by the GT Symphony Orchestra.
The GT Chamber Choir performs settings of the "Song of Mary" that includes plainsong to modern works.
A concert featuring Georgia Tech's Concert band and Symphonic band.
The GT Jazz Combos present their final Fall concert.
The Chamber Choir performs their increasingly popular student-led concert.
The oldest student organization on the GT campus performs its regular end-of-term concert with a variety of unaccompanied, zany, musical selections.
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensembles present their final Fall concert.
LAUNCHPAD showcases student work from all years and programs in the Georgia Tech School of Industrial Design.
CEISMC Hosts Winter Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
