"Encoding and Decoding Specificity in Adaptive Immunity by Deep Learning" - Sai Reddy, Ph.D. - ETH Zurich
"Precision Profiling of Microbiome-host Interactions via Single Molecule and Single Cell Sequencing" - Iwijn De Vlaminck, Ph.D. - Cornell University
Theology of the Body is the Catholic Church's teaching on marriage, family, gender, sexuality, and more, as developed by Pope St. John Paul II.
"Neural Mechanisms of Movement Precision” - Abigail Person, Ph.D. - University of Colorado School of Medicine
"Ankle Exoskeletons to Restore Mobility Post-stroke" - Gregory Sawicki, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
"Computational Biomechanical Models of Human Pregnancy – Evaluating the Risk of Preterm Birth" - Kristin Myers, Ph.D., Columbia University
"Functional Imaging of the Human Brain: A Window into the Architecture of the Mind" - Nancy Kanwisher, Ph.D. - MIT
Getting Started with Mass Cytometry (CyTOF®) - Azucena Gomez-Cabrero, Ph.D. - Fluidigm Mass Cytometry
Thinking about Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering?
"Using Human Brain Organoids to Unveil Neuron-Glial Interactions During Development" - Steven A. Sloan, M.D., Ph.D. - Emory University
Merging Humans and Machines to Assist Legged Locomotion
Explore human-centered design!
"Implanted Neurotechnology to Understand and Restore Arm and Hand Function" - Jennifer Collinger, Ph.D., University of Pittsburgh
"Perturbation-Imaging Approaches to Study Functional Contributions of Cortical Activity to Human Movement" - Michael Borich, D.P.T., Ph.D. - Emory University School of Medicine
Many scientific and engineering journal articles are written using LaTeX.
"How Does a Breast Cell Learn to Become a Tissue, and What Happens When it Forgets" - Mina Bissell, Ph.D. - Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Uniting Robots and Ultrasound for Cardiac Repair
"German Studies in a Globalized World”
A brief introduction to data analysis and visualization in the humanities.
Memory, directed aging and Nature’s greed
"Biomimetic Drugs: In Vitro, In Vivo & Mechanistic Studies of 5-12mer Antibacterial Peptoids to Treat Respiratory Infections" - Annelise E. Barron, Ph.D. - Stanford School of Medicine & Engineering
Join us Wednesday, October 16 for a lecture by Lydia Kallipoliti titled "History Machines: The Deviant Practice of Inhabiting Information"
Thinking about Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering?
Integrated 3D Anatomical Model for Automatic Myocardial Segmentation in Cardiac CT Imagery
"Helical Peptoid Mimics of the Hydrophobic Lung Surfactant Proteins Provide Effective In Vivo Treatment of Acute Lung Injury" - Annelise E. Barron, Ph.D. - Stanford School of Medicine & School of Engineering
"Learning to Program Cellular Machines: Harnessing Cells to Treat Disease, Build Tissues, and Elucidate Design Principles" - Wendell Lim, Ph.D. - University of California San Francisco
Recently developed classes of electronic materials create an opportunity to engineer the opposite outcome, in the form of ‘transient’ devices that dissolve, disintegrate or otherwise disappear at triggered times or with controlled rates.
This presentation briefly reviews the evidence for nanomaterial toxicity, considers the relative exposures to nano-scale materials and presents some the attributes of nanomaterial behavior in natural systems that have been described over the last 20 years
"Building Language Technologies for Social Good"
"Epilepsy – Beyond the Local Network" - Nigel Pedersen, M.D. - Emory University
“Telomere Length Regulation of Muscle Stem Cells in Chronic Injuries” - Foteini Mourkioti, Ph.D. - University of Pennsylvania
Robophysics: Physics Meets Robotics
Peter S. Dodds presents “The Science of Stories: Measuring and Exploring the Ecology of Human Stories with Lexical Instruments” on November 6.
Thinking about Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering?
In this talk, we present new insights and strategies we recently developed for controlling multi-scale assembly and transformation of semiconducting molecules.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
"Neural Decoding and Control of Multiscale Brain Networks: From Motor to Mood" - Maryam Shanechi, Ph.D. - University of Southern California
Description: A brief intro to physical computing in the humanities
Introduction to Machine Learning
In this talk, I will focus on our tissue-engineering approach to recapitulate biological functions at tissue- and system- levels.
"Catheter Based Microscale Ultrasound Imaging Systems and Acousto-optical Sensors for Image Guided Interventions" - F. Levent Degertekin, Ph.D., Georgia Tech
Five Georgia Tech professors debate whether we live in a simulation.
Introduction to Machine Learning
A Christian-Muslim debate on the nature of God.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
"Two Forms of Plasticity in Adult Visual Cortex" - Michael Stryker, Ph.D. - University of California, San Francisco
Thinking about Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering?
"Bioengineered Human iPSC Tissue Model for Gaining Mechanistic and Therapeutic Insights into CPVT" - Sung-Jin Park, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech/Emory University
In this talk, I will present an in vitro hiPSC-CM-based platform to study the tissue-level properties of engineered human myocardium.
"Smart Photonic Biomaterials for Diagnostic and Therapeutic Applications" - Sei Kwang Hahn, Ph.D., POSTECH, Korea, Stanford University
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
“Evolution and Development of a Minimal Nervous System in our Closest Invertebrate Relatives”  - Alberto Stolfi, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
