We will discuss how we are going to spread awareness of humanitarian crisis in North Korea and raise money to support North Korean refugees.
At OpenIDEO, we build communities to drive collaboration, innovation, and impact around the world's toughest problems through launching challenges, programs, and other tailored experiences all under the filter of a human centered design thinking process.
Join Climate Reality leaders Alex Ip, Thiago Esslinger, and others outside the CULC to demand a cleaner climate and spread awareness on the Climate Crisis!
Asha for Education – Atlanta proudly presents Strings of Hope, a magical musical night that takes you on a unique journey encompassing the pure and serene beauty of Indian Classical Music.
Impact Presents: "Getting and Giving Meaning to Careers"
Join Why Should I Believe on Monday at 6:30 in room 109 of the Instructional Center as we discuss the nature and role of proof in faith-related dialogue.
Inspire@Tech is a series of inspirational talks featuring speakers from a diverse range of communities.
This seminar will discuss how the domestic dog’s accessibility provides an opportunity for study and will show how dogs can participate in fMRI studies.
This seminar provides an overview of documents everyone should have in place to protect and assist their family in solving a variety of estate planning issues.
This talk explores how technologies can expand people to look beyond what they usually do.
Join the Leadership and Multifaith Program (LAMP) on September 26, 2019, from 12:30 to 5:00 PM, for a seminar on Law, Justice, and Religious Identity in America.
This fall's Liam's Legacy Symposium will feature two dynamic speakers on the topic of community history, story telling, and and our changing environment.
Jeff Dean "Deep Learning to Solve Challenging Problems"
Reduce Anxiety or Pain in Hospital Settings for Children and their Families for the Shaping the Future of Pediatrics Start Up Pitch Competition.
Impact Presents: "The Company You Keep: Choosing Where to Do What You’ve Decided to Do"
How can we build and implement Georgia Tech’s vision of making Atlanta the global leader in sports research, innovation, and technology?
Witness a dizzying display by an aerial dancer immersed in 3D lighting design.
Join Narin Hassan and Tiffany Johnson for a faculty research highlight: "The Body Keeps the Score: Embodiment as a Tool to Understand Health in Academia and Our Communities"
A humor-filled one-man show that embraces the autobiographical journey of a man who moves between cultures to provide a fascinating perspective of American Latinos who struggle with their identity
This talk examines user experience issues that arise with autonomous driving.
Through an interactive case study of Tarana Burke’s #MeToo movement, we aim to engage the community in a critical dialogue surrounding Black women’s engagement in hashtag feminism through performance.
Through an interactive case study of Tarana Burke’s #MeToo movement, we aim to engage the community in a critical dialogue surrounding Black women’s engagement in hashtag feminism through performance.
Impact Presents: "Compassionate Tech: Utilizing Smart Tech to End Homelessness"
Impact Presents: "Compassionate Tech: Utilizing smart tech to end homelessness"
In this Think Tank, we unpack our four-part mission for how we catalyze and amplify Georgia Tech’s leadership for faculty.
This talk aims to look at Swami Vivekananda’s thoughts on leadership and personal growth.
The Sustainable Facilities Forum highlights innovative practices and campus partnerships that create a built environment focused on improving human and environmental well-being
We are a collective of students at Georgia Tech that come from a wide range of backgrounds, united in our love for art of all kinds
The purpose of the event is to discuss the stigmas regarding sexual violence and how they differ among various cultures.
This talk will introduce Disney Animation as created from a visionary who believed technology should be pushed to its limits.
Kenny Pugh presents Intro to Agile: an Alternative Approach to PM, a glimpse into Coca Cola’s transition from Waterfall to Agile
Join Pride Alliance for a conversation that covers the basics of PrEP, getting tested for HIV and STIs, consent, and dispels myths about HIV, queer sex, and more
The Cecil B. Day Program for Business Ethics and Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works present 'The Office of Ethics & Compliance: Our Vision, Goals, and How You Can Help.'
Virtual reality, robotics, civic computing, information visualization and artificial intelligence are just a few of the research areas that come to life at the GVU Center Research Showcase and show how technology impacts society.
Impact Presents: "Creating Cultures of the Future:How Intentional Leaders Drive Cultural Change"
Join retail technology experts, entrepreneurs, investors, and retailers as we discuss "Reimagining Retail" for the future.
This talk will discuss how everyday materials and familiar objects can be transformed.
This concert features classical Indian music that reflects the moods of different times of day.
Asha for Education hosts a game night benefitting underprivileged children in India.
The Pajama Program Reading Center in Atlanta is committed to share stories with children around the community who often abandoned, neglected, living in shelters or temporary housing.
Mark Prausnitz will describe his innovation pathway, the enabling science, industry, patient and global health needs along with what’s next: “star particles” for treatment delivery or interstitial fluid collection for diagnostic purposes.
Join Georgia Tech faculty for an exciting discussion on what motivates them to examine fairness in machine learning and what problems their research is hoping to solve.
Impact Presents: "Leadership In Times Of Rapid Change"
Send Silence Packing® is bringing their nationwide exhibit to our campus as a part of their mission to end the silence that surrounds mental illness and suicide.
In this talk we look at how new design tools create opportunity without losing jobs, skills, and traditions.
Specialized lighting design is essential to promote overall health and well-being in older people. This seminar will describe specific lighting needs of this growing population.
Pride Alliance hosts a conversation on the life and culture at Tech and how it impacts queer students specifically.
Experience the beauty of empathetic story listening and bear witness to faculty, staff and students reading powerful personal narratives that illustrate journeys from exclusion to inclusion or otherwise highlight individual transformation.
National, local, and campus storytellers and performers take center stage to share their compelling journeys: coming of age, overcoming isolation, triumphing over personal challenges, and learning to appreciate the complexity of their own identities.
Impact Presents: "Gender Role Assumptions Impact Women's Financial Power Within Personal Relationships"
Join this after dark, dimly lit, open mic storytelling event. Storytellers and story lovers relax and listen to powerful personal narratives or take the stage to share stories, poems, monologues, or tall tales!
Telling deeply personal and honest stories can be therapeutic and cathartic for the storyteller; however, creating emotional experiences for audiences to connect is a whole other art form.
Performance Duo Emily Lansana and Zahra Baker of “In the Spirit” guide participants through discovering and celebrating the rich heritage of African-Heritage storytelling with focus on the resilience often needed to survive and thrive.
In this talk improvisation is useful and applicable to the condition of today’s technology-imbued cities.
Dr. Yang Zhong will discuss the religiosity and socio-political values of Chinese Christian and how these views impact the development of civil society in China.
Based on questionnaires and extensive interviews, this lecture attempts to shed some empirical and comparative light on the religiosity and socio-political values of Chinese Christians.
POSTPONED  Experience a musical and visual feast for the senses as contemporary vocal, dance and instrumental artists take the stage with the GT Symphony Orchestra.
POSTPONED  Experience a musical and visual feast for the senses as contemporary vocal, dance and instrumental artists take the stage with the GT Symphony Orchestra.
Transgender Day of Remembrance is an annual global commemoration of transgender people who have lost their lives to violence in the past year.
Explore dance, beauty, and disability with this emotionally-charged work.
Come out to learn how to help reduce prejudice in the workplace by assisting individuals!
Explore life under the sea and how the ocean affects our day-to-day lives!
