Come learn about studying at Tech's European Campus at the FASET Resource Fair!
Come out and be prepared to ring in the new year with a new financial goal to save on purchases! Presented by Georgia Tech Human Resources.
Come learn about studying at Tech's European Campus at the FASET Resource Fair!
Come learn about studying at Tech's European Campus at the FASET Resource Fair!
Please join OIE advisors for information about the many ways you can go global.
Join the RESILIENCE ERG for a one-of-a-kind discussion on personal resilience.
Please join OIE advisors for information about the many ways you can go global.
Session Full - Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Join the Women's Resource Center for Graduate Women’s Welcome event!
Join us at the Kickoff on Tuesday, August 27, 2019, to learn more about our workshops, projects, opportunities and much more you can get as a member of DSGT!
Bits of Good Recruitment meeting to learn more about our organization, and how we help our local Atlanta community
We'll walk through our goals for the club, how you can get involved, and what to expect this year.
We'll be discussing TSA's role on campus, and how we can help you succeed as Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, with special emphasis on career building with the upcoming career fair.
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Interested in working on sustainable, community-driven engineering projects throughout the world? Come to the Engineers Without Borders Information Session on September 3 to learn more about how we are building a better world!
Join us for an introductory meeting with a special talk by Dr. Mavris, director of ASDL, followed by a resume workshop hosted by two Spaceworks Enterprises employees!
Join us on September 5, 2019 for Georgia Tech Smart Cities and Inclusive Innovation's GA Smart Fall Workshop!
Come out to our Fall Orientation to learn more about how you can get involved in hospital volunteering around Atlanta!
Do you have an innovative idea that is academic or research-oriented? Your concept may be the perfect fit for the Center for Deliberate Innovation’s new Change Accelerator program.
VOICE is currently recruiting for their next cohort of student peer educators. Apply before the deadline and learn more about how you can be a leader on campus.
Learn more about what it means to be a professional staff advisor for an ASB trip!
Come watch hot glassblowing demonstrations, learn about the history of scientific glass and how you can use our services at Georgia Tech.
This will be a great chance for everyone to network with the recruiters in person.
Join us at our first meeting of the year to learn more about our JDRF One Walk to Cure Diabetes team and to hear about how we have been advocating for students on campus who have diabetes!
Come and learn more about internship and full-time opportunities at P&G! Hosted by the Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers.
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
This is our info session where we will be going over what Science.Art.Wonder is and our general timeline.
Dive into data science with us at our weekly workshops! Our goal is to help you develop a deep understanding of data and analytical/predictive models while using tools widely used in the industry.
Are you looking for a leadership opportunity on campus? Learn more about the Healthy Jacket peer education program during one of the interest meetings!
The Student Center team is hiring super students like you to help us bring campus to life!
Past founders will discuss their launch experiences, the current state of their company, and future plans with you.
Meet with Peace Corps Recruiter, and Returned Peace Corps Volunteer, Flora Tano, to learn more about volunteer experiences and have your questions about applying and service answered!
Robogals will hold an info session for new members interested in volunteering and leadership opportunities this semester.
Join Health Initiatives in bringing the Think Fast Trivia Game Show to campus!
The Student Center team is hiring super students like you to help us bring campus to life!
Join us to get any of your startup/innovation/entrepreneurship questions answered!
Find out more about this unique program that includes a project with an international nonprofit.
Join us for this teaching and learning workshop for faculty!
Join us September 19 for the Edge peer mentoring program's 2019 kick-off!
Join us for Webinar #1 in the GA Smart Webinar Series.
SKY at Georgia Tech brings to you its signature workshop, SKY Happiness Retreat!
SKY at Georgia Tech brings to you its signature workshop, SKY Happiness Retreat!
SKY at Georgia Tech brings to you its signature workshop, SKY Happiness Retreat!
Dive into data science with us at our weekly workshops! Our goal is to help you develop a deep understanding of data and analytical/predictive models while using tools widely used in the industry.
Get funding and coaching to build out your idea
Receive feedback on your resume from companies attending the CoC Career Fair in Klaus Atrium from 11am-3pm!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Join us to learn about esports' impact as a STEM motivator.
Join Walmart representatives to learn about their open opportunities at 6:30pm in Howey L5!
Join VMware for a night of networking to learn about their open opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students!
Speak with an Advisor about Business Certificates!
Global, national, and entrepreneurial companies want to meet you at the Virtual Career Fair
Get funding and coaching to build out your idea
Join us to explore using analytics in Canvas!
Georgia Tech Trailblazers, Eco-Addendum, Friends of Cascade Springs and WAWA invite you to an outdoor educational experience!
Check out this workshop if you want to ensure your team achieves cohesiveness and productivity!
Are you looking for a leadership opportunity on campus? Learn more about the Healthy Jacket peer education program during one of the interest meetings!
Join Asurion from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their many open opportunities!
This FREE event is a reception where local companies and startups in the energy field will be answering your questions, showcasing their products and ideas, and networking with students, and offer information about their company.
Join Union Pacific from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about the importance and role of technology for railroads!
Eat some pizza and learn more about the Center and our work around Sustainability in Business!
Speak with an Advisor about Business Certificates!
Learn more about opportunities at Green Hills Software
Join the search for your next job and internships at the Transportation career fair organized by ITE, ITS, WTS, and ASHE
Join Viasat from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn more about their open opportunities!
Interested in learning about the US government's medical countermeasure priorities? Join our live stream of BARDA Industry Day.
Join Equifax for their Day in the Lobby from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn more about their open internship roles!
Learn more details about what's ahead for the Campus Center project.
Join Zillow for their Day in the Lobby from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their open Software Development Engineer Internship!
Speak with an Advisor about Business Certificates!
CDN@GT is participating in this year’s JDRF One Walk to Cure Diabetes, and we need you to join us in raising money for a cure!
Join Amazon in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm to meet their team of Amazon Software Development Engineers with any questions you have about what it's like to work at Amazon!
Learn more details about what's ahead for the Campus Center project.
Join Amazon from 6:30pm-7:30pm to learn about their full-time and internship opportunities, culture and the recruitment process.
This will be given a general overview of the Boren Scholarship and Fellowship applications and information about how to get started.
2019 Lichten winner Ben Leo will talk with rotorcraft enthusiasts about how to submit
Join the Aerospace Corporation from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their open positions for new grads and interns!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and learn more about Security & Approval Workflow!
Come learn about volunteering opportunities and different resources here at Tech that can help you on your path to becoming a PA!
Come and learn about how to effectively identify your skill-set using the tools My IDP and Imagine PhD. Please see the attached flyer for more details.
Join us for our 2nd installment of the 2019-20 GA Smart Webinar Series!
Learn to find grants with Pivot in 30 minutes!
Find out more about this unique program that includes a project with an international nonprofit.
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
Join Walmart from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn about their open opportunities!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and learn more about Security & Approval Workflow!
Calling all women - we need you in innovation!
Learn more about the Net Impact Chapter and how you can make a difference
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
Please join OIE and WorldStrides for a chance to learn about and explore identity in different contexts.
A speed-networking event where you can find your startup's co-founder
Come join Georgia Tech AIAA on November 4th as we host Virgin Orbit for an Information Session!
Join us to get any of your startup/innovation/entrepreneurship questions answered!
Get 1-on-1 consulting with German faculty and students about resumes, research, startups, German classes and more!
Join the College for two workshops led by individuals from the University of Michigan to help inform our faculty and staff and to guide them in improving our culture.
Join representatives from Varian Medical Systems from 11am-3pm in the CCB commons to learn more about their open opportunities!
Join OpenIDEO Atlanta Chapter for our Design Jam with Wish for WASH and help us design an enjoyable bathroom experience.
Apply now for a chance to bring your startup to life this summer and make an impact!
Have questions about the intern/co-op search? How best to structure your resume? We're here to help!
Learn to find grants with Pivot in 30 minutes!
Stop by the U.S. Passport Fair on Wednesday, November 13th to find everything you need to process your passport application in one convenient location!
Join L3Harris Technologies in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm to learn about their open opportunities!
Join representatives from L3Harris Technologies at 6:30PM in Klaus 1116EW to learn about the early stages of self-discovery as a young professional to defining your mark and establishing yourself as a thought leader.
“The I-CORPS Experience: Hear First-hand from Your Colleagues” - PhasBio, Cytomatrix, Huxley Medical
Join us for this Teaching with Technology Spotlight!
Come out and network with representatives from Takeda Pharmaceutical Company!
This training is for any student who wants to understand diversity at Georgia Tech!
Come see videogames created by your fellow Tech colleagues! Free pizza for all who participate!
Join us to get any of your startup/innovation/entrepreneurship questions answered!
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Arthur Szlam from Facebook.
