New graduate and undergraduate teaching assistants should attend TAO.
The Center for Academic Success sponsors a half-day of workshops and faculty/student panels for undergraduates.
An event to welcome new students to Georgia Tech's community, celebrating the Institute's rich traditions and strong academic reputation.
The entire Georgia Tech community is invited to kick off the fall intramural season with the Flag Football Classic!
IRIM hosts a kickoff seminar event featuring presentations by robotics faculty.
IRIM hosts a semester kickoff event featuring presentations and posters by robotics faculty and students.
The GVU Center kicks off the weekly Brown Bag Seminar Series with a GVU Center overview and introduction of funded research projects.
An event to welcome incoming graduate students to Georgia Tech's community, celebrating the Institute's rich traditions and strong academic reputation.
Come audition for Nothin' but Treble, Georgia Tech's premier all-female a cappella group.
Come audition for Nothin' but Treble, Georgia Tech's premier all-female a cappella group.
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
The first event of the semester for the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Circle K is the world's largest collegiate organization.
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
Wreck Racing is student-led competition team that builds vehicles to compete in the Grassroots Motorsports Magazine $2000 Challenge.
GT Pre-Health Advising Welcomes new and returning students pursuing careers in Medicine with a student panel and resource fair
Rotary offers prestigious international scholarships of $30,000 or more for graduate students
IRIM hosts its annual Industry & Student Mixer
Employees across the University System of Georgia are invited to join the USG Team.
This seminars-plus-lunch program aims to catalyze scientific and cultural exchange between Georgia Tech students and 12 visiting undergrads from Japan.
Second meeting of the year for the Student Affiliates of the American Chemical Society.
The Georgia Tech student chapter of the Intelligent Transportation Society is having a technical session
GTRI welcomes author Larry Loftis as part of its Friday Morning Seminar
The Ballroom Dance Club at Georgia Tech is excited to present another magical social dance.
The Georgia Tech Symphony Orchestra opens the fall concert season.
The Atlanta Global Studies Center (AGSC) is pleased to announce the competition for 2020-2021 Foreign Language & Area studies (FLAS) Fellowships. FLAS fellowships can be used to study abroad (Summer) or on campus (academic year).
The Georgia Tech Concert and Symphonic bands join forces to open their concert season.
Meet & Greet reception for GeorgiaTech and GSU faculty, students, and staff
The topic for the first Deep Startups of the Fall 2019 semester is Music Technology featuring Shachar Oren, previous Peloton executive for music innovation.
The Jazz Ensemble II and Jazz Combos present their first fall concert.
All of the Georgia Tech choirs come together for one unforgettable concert.
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensemble I and Chamber Orchestra join forces to present a concert of music composed by Aaron Copland.
Safe Space: Peer Education (SSPE) is a student version of Georgia Tech's Safe Space program.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
Grad Chat is an initiative of Graduate SGA, a series of student-group discussions.
This is the first of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
Pet therapy is offered at Georgia Tech to assist students, faculty, and staff reduce stress and anxiety.
This is the second of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
Sky @ Georgia Tech hosts a workshop on public speaking.
The Georgia Tech Treble Choir's fall concert
This is the third of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
This is the last of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
Georgia Tech's Rock and Pop ensemble bring you a night of classic tunes in their first show of the semester.
Ceremony introduces the twelfth president of Georgia Tech
Talks@Tech is an annual speaker series organized by Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honor Society at Georgia Tech.
The Student Government Association’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee hosts a discussion about USG policy 4.1.6.
Georgia Tech's Mini 500 race is a tradition that has been an essential part of homecoming events since 1969.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket Marching Band
In 1911, the first Cake Race was held as an open cross-country run at Georgia Tech.
The Atlanta Global Studies Center (AGSC) is pleased to announce the competition for 2020-2021 Foreign Language & Area studies (FLAS) Fellowships. FLAS fellowships can be used to study abroad (Summer) or on campus (academic year).
All are invited to the opening of the Georgia Tech exhibit celebrating the International Year of the Periodic Table.
Pet therapy is offered at Georgia Tech to assist students, faculty, and staff reduce stress and anxiety.
Greek Allies is Georgia Tech’s LGBTQIA ally training program for fraternity and sorority members.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
The GT Chorale and Treble Choir perform both serious and lighter works.
The Veterans Resource Center is hosting a Veterans Day Lunch Monday November 11th for Student Veterans, Staff and Faculty.
The College Diabetes Network at Georgia Tech hosts an educational event in honor of Diabetes Month.
This is the final round of the 3MT Competition for graduate students.
Two Ph.D. students in the College of Sciences make it to the competition's final round.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Glee Club.
Four early film classics receive brand-new musical scores performed by the GT Symphony Orchestra.
The GT Chamber Choir performs settings of the "Song of Mary" that includes plainsong to modern works.
A concert featuring Georgia Tech's Concert band and Symphonic band.
The GT Jazz Combos present their final Fall concert.
The Chamber Choir performs their increasingly popular student-led concert.
The oldest student organization on the GT campus performs its regular end-of-term concert with a variety of unaccompanied, zany, musical selections.
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensembles present their final Fall concert.
LAUNCHPAD showcases student work from all years and programs in the Georgia Tech School of Industrial Design.
CEISMC Hosts Winter Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
