A celebration honoring Dean Royster.
An Inform Georgia Tech Series Event: Driving Your Career at Tech
Opening Reception for the Mies Award Exhibition in Stubbins Gallery.
The Web of Brilliance hosts an informal chat with Mike Meyer of the Chattahoochee Riverkeeper
Join us on September 5, 2019 for Georgia Tech Smart Cities and Inclusive Innovation's GA Smart Fall Workshop!
Wreckfest tailgate to kick off Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
PMI founder and Tech Alum Jim Snyder speaking as part of week long activities
CARE's Ribbon Cutting to be celebrated during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Panel discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Workshop to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
In collaboration with the Museum of Design Atlanta, the Georgia Tech School of Architecture is excited to host an architecture lecture with Débora Mesa of Ensamble Studio and the School of Architecture's Ventulett Chair
Speaker event to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Documentary & Discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Yoga on Tech Green to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Join us for Georgia Tech Pride Alliance's first annual Queer Career Fair!
Impact Presents: "It All Started in Tower Dorm"
Documentary on a soul-searching journey to the roots of Brazil and discussion with co-producer Kirk Bowman of School of International Affairs. Faculty, students, staff and friends are invited
Come and partake in RUF's first "The Gospel in the Ordinary" roundtable discussion
GTAAN  Meeting - College of Computing Open House
Impact Presents: "Alex Gonzalez, Atlanta Metro Chamber"
The seminal classic that is part of Wilson's American Century Cycle
The seminal classic that is part of Wilson's American Century Cycle
Google Networking Session and LGBTQ+ "Ask Me Anything" Panel
Join us for the 2019 Atlanta Practices Lecture by Joe Greco of Lord Aeck Sargent, A Katerra Company.
John Huff, CE 68, chairman of Oceaneering International Inc. will speak Oct. 3
Join SCPC at Landmark's Midtown Art Cinema for Joker Opening Night
The seminal classic that is part of Wilson's American Century Cycle
The seminal classic that is part of Wilson's American Century Cycle
The seminal classic that is part of Wilson's American Century Cycle
The seminal classic that is part of Wilson's American Century Cycle
The School of Electrical and Computer Engineering presents the Jim Carreker Fireside Chat with Tip "T.I." Harris - Entertainment & Technology: Powering What's Next In The Atlanta Story
Hosted by IEEE PES @ Georgia Tech
SGA Faculty Speaker Series
Join YDSA GT's Immigration Committee for a teach-in about the University System of Georgia's Board of Regents Policy 4.1.6.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
TWiM will be recording a live podcast from Georgia Tech.
SGA Faculty Speaker Series
India Club at Georgia Tech Presents Diwali Carnival!
Collaboratorium and Lunch with a Member of the Atlanta Consular Corps - Conversation with Consul General Dr. Swati Kulkarni on Advancing India/Hindi Studies in the Greater Atlanta Region
Join us for Episode #9 of the Speedwell Foundation Talks and the Newsweek Momentum Awards.
Sky @ Georgia Tech hosts a workshop on public speaking.
Impact Presents: Elaine Dinos, Kindred
Exhibition reception for Continuita: Modernism in Milano & I See What You Did There: 2019 Barcelona Studio
Join us for an open house to celebrate the completion of The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design.
Celebrate Halloween designing costumes with Design Bloc and OpenIDEO Atlanta Chapter at Georgia Tech.
Dr. Bill Eiland of the Georgia Museum of Art will speak about collaborative exhibits
A-Town Showdown: Join A-Town Showdown and Chai Talks GSU to discuss queer & trans identity within the South Asian community while enjoying chai and other snacks.
Sponsored by the Green Chamber of Commerce and RCE Greater Atlanta
Join us for Dr. Burk’s presentation on her career, followed by a Q&A  and short reception
All are invited to the opening of the Georgia Tech exhibit celebrating the International Year of the Periodic Table.
EAS will be hosting former GT EAS student Lauren Reaves, meteorologist at NWS Peachtree City, GA, for their weekly weather chat!
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
A QBioS Brown-bag Seminar
Documentary Screening Co hosted by CHHS and France Atlanta
Meet & Greet: YouTube sensation Zach Kornfeld of the Try Guys
Join OIE for a men of color panel discussion about international experiences.
BES Speaker Series: Jeff Foote, Southface Institute, Sustainability Consultant to The Coca-Cola Company
AGSC Tuesday Collaboratorium: Lunch with a Member of the Atlanta Consular Corps -- Conversation with Consul General of Brazil, Carlos de Abreu: "Advancing Brazilian Studies in the Greater Atlanta Region"
CEISMC Hosts Winter Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
