WHEN AI RUNS THE WORLD: Algorithmic Harms and Policy Protections.
Impact Presents: "How You Lead Matters"
Join Climate Reality leaders Alex Ip, Thiago Esslinger, and others outside the CULC to demand a cleaner climate and spread awareness on the Climate Crisis!
Impact Presents: "Getting and Giving Meaning to Careers"
"Networking for Entrepreneurs and How to Give an Effective Elevator Pitch" - Kirk Barnes, and Jane McCracken, ATDC
Josh Margolis from the Environmental Defense Fund's talk “Carbon markets -- Enabling Ambition or Shuffling the Deck Chairs"
Explore human-centered design!
This talk explores how technologies can expand people to look beyond what they usually do.
Jeff Dean "Deep Learning to Solve Challenging Problems"
How can we build and implement Georgia Tech’s vision of making Atlanta the global leader in sports research, innovation, and technology?
Join Narin Hassan and Tiffany Johnson for a faculty research highlight: "The Body Keeps the Score: Embodiment as a Tool to Understand Health in Academia and Our Communities"
“Rethinking America's Urban Water Infrastructure: Resource Efficiency, Access, and Public Health”
"German Studies in a Globalized World”
'Resilience Through Moving to a New Country' panel event hosted by the Resilience and HOLA ERGs
Impact Presents: "Compassionate Tech: Utilizing Smart Tech to End Homelessness"
Impact Presents: "Compassionate Tech: Utilizing smart tech to end homelessness"
REDESIGNING CITIES: The Speedwell Foundation Talks @ Georgia Tech is a series of talks and conversations between leading urbanists that address 21st Century challenges.
"Building Language Technologies for Social Good"
This talk will introduce Disney Animation as created from a visionary who believed technology should be pushed to its limits.
Kenny Pugh presents Intro to Agile: an Alternative Approach to PM, a glimpse into Coca Cola’s transition from Waterfall to Agile
Do We Necessarily Have More Cost-Effective Information with Bigger Data?
The Cecil B. Day Program for Business Ethics and Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works present 'The Office of Ethics & Compliance: Our Vision, Goals, and How You Can Help.'
Impact Presents: "Creating Cultures of the Future:How Intentional Leaders Drive Cultural Change"
Join retail technology experts, entrepreneurs, investors, and retailers as we discuss "Reimagining Retail" for the future.
This talk will discuss how everyday materials and familiar objects can be transformed.
Mark Prausnitz will describe his innovation pathway, the enabling science, industry, patient and global health needs along with what’s next: “star particles” for treatment delivery or interstitial fluid collection for diagnostic purposes.
Peter S. Dodds presents “The Science of Stories: Measuring and Exploring the Ecology of Human Stories with Lexical Instruments” on November 6.
Impact Presents: "Leadership In Times Of Rapid Change"
In this talk we look at how new design tools create opportunity without losing jobs, skills, and traditions.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
Managing Uncertainty and Lessons Learned from Environmental Legacy Issues: Examples from PG&E
Impact Presents: "Gender Role Assumptions Impact Women's Financial Power Within Personal Relationships"
A workshop focused on the challenges facing the nation’s electric systems.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
A workshop focused on the challenges facing the nation’s electric systems.
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
David Henry Hwang's unreliable memoir about race and accountability in a modern age
