This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Galen Reeves from Duke University.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
The keynote speaker and IEN 2019 Meindl Lecturer is Julia Greer, Professor of Materials Science, Mechanics, and Medical Engineering at CalTech, who will speak on “Materials by Design: Three-Dimensional (3D) Nano-Architected Meta-Materials”.
Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc. (SGH®) is an award-winning engineering firm.
Join IEN, IMAT and SEI for a workshop to collaborate on the DOE Energy Frontier Research Center (EFRC) call.
In this workshop, we will use Tableau to map census data.
The Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering invites you to hear "High-Speed Imaging of Unsteady Shock Interactions" a talk by Prof. John Schmisseur
Join colleagues to discuss Georgia Tech's response to the impending DOE call for Energy Frontier Research Center (EFRC) grants.
Carbon Trading Simulation, led by Josh Margolis from Environmental Defense Fund
Adam Barkley, Solutions Architect in the Power Electronics Systems R&D team at Wolfspeed
The Sept. 18 Georgia Electronic Design Center Seminar features Roozbeh Tabrizian of the University of Florida speaking on "Mixed-Domain Nano-Systems for Integrated Radio Frequency Communication Applications."
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Chandrajit Bajaj from the University of Texas.
Mr. Bell offers a unique perspective on the prospects of security in Europe following the suspension of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
Join the Institute for Materials for our Materials Innovation Lecture Series featuring  Dr. Aaron Stebner from the Colorado School of Mines.
The Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering invites you to hear "Space Situational Awareness:  New Challenges & Advances in Estimation, Data Sharing, and Privacy" a talk by Prof. Raktim Bhattacharya
Algorithms can give voice to the dead in this series of films by Gwenola Wagon & Pierre Cassou-Noguès
Please join Zillow’s Android Mobile Apps Engineer, Sivakumar Chellamuthu, for a discussion on the various innovations within the Zillow Rental Manager.
Jeff Dean, a senior fellow from Google will be on campus to give a talk on using deep learning to solve challenging problems.
In this workshop, we will use Tableau to map census data.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Vijay Subramanian from the University of Michigan
In this talk Morphing Matter Lab recent works are presented.
Many scientific and engineering journal articles are written using LaTeX.
In this workshop, we will use Tableau to map census data.
This talk examines user experience issues that arise with autonomous driving.
PACE invites you to attend a workshop on Psi4 software taught by its author, Prof. David Sherrill.
Join us Wednesday, October 16 for a lecture by Lydia Kallipoliti titled "History Machines: The Deviant Practice of Inhabiting Information"
Jung Han will speak on "New frontiers in GaN optoelectronic research" at the Center for Compound Semiconductors Seminar. He is the William Norton Professor in Technological Innovation in the Department of Electrical Engineering at Yale University.
This presentation briefly reviews the evidence for nanomaterial toxicity, considers the relative exposures to nano-scale materials and presents some the attributes of nanomaterial behavior in natural systems that have been described over the last 20 years
Please join the Center for International Strategy, Technology, and Policy for a discussion with Ivan Timofeev from the Russian International Affairs Council, who will be speaking on “Rethinking Sanctions Efficiency: The Evidence from 205 Cases of the U.S.
Join NVIDIA at 6:30pm in Klaus 1116EW to explore the future of GPU-Accelerated Data Analytics and Machine Learning in an engaging talk led by Georgia Tech Alum and Senior Graph Software Engineer, Oded Green.
Join the Institute for Materials for our Materials Seminar featuring Dr. Brina Brinzler from the Chalmers University of Technology.
A symposium on HPC, AI, and data science by NVIDIA and Dell EMC researchers hosted by DataBank in Coda
Robophysics: Physics Meets Robotics
In this webinar, Assistant Lecturer at the University of Toledo Andrew Misko will outline strategies that he uses for selecting question types as well as determining their placement in a PowerPoint presentation.
In this talk, we present new insights and strategies we recently developed for controlling multi-scale assembly and transformation of semiconducting molecules.
In this talk, I will focus on our tissue-engineering approach to recapitulate biological functions at tissue- and system- levels.
Five Georgia Tech professors debate whether we live in a simulation.
This talk will review the complexity theory aspect of the quantum supremacy experiments. It will also introduce the hybrid quantum computational chemistry algorithms and explore a number of ways to improve it.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by David Bamman, an assistant professor from the University of California, Berkeley.
Admiral Sandy Winnefeld and Dr. Rachel Whitlark will discuss “A Commonsense Policy for Avoiding a Disastrous Nuclear Decision.”
Former Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy, Daniel Ponemon will speak about how climate change and nuclear proliferation are two existential threats to human existence.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Marija Mikic, Site Lead at Google Los Angeles.
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Arthur Szlam from Facebook.
The Georgia Institute of Technology is hosting ICT for Health: Networks, standards and innovation, December 4-6
The Georgia Institute of Technology is hosting ICT for Health: Networks, standards and innovation, December 4-6
The Georgia Institute of Technology is hosting ICT for Health: Networks, standards and innovation, December 4-6
