Salesforce will host Office Hours in CCB 340 from 9:30am-4pm for students to learn more about their company culture and open opportunities.
Session Full - Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Chick-fil-A host a day in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm.
Join Cisco engineers for a tech talk and Q&A session at 6:30pm in Klaus 1443.
Receive feedback on your resume from companies attending the CoC Career Fair in Klaus Atrium from 11am-3pm!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and get a sneak peek of Time & Absence and Payroll
Join Walmart representatives to learn about their open opportunities at 6:30pm in Howey L5!
Join Lockheed Martin for a Digital Workplace Workshop at 5:45pm in Klaus 1116EW.
Any career is popsicle.....with Viasat! Join representatives from Viasat from 2pm-5pm in Noonan Courtyard (outside of Klaus Building) to enjoy some King of Pops!
Join Asurion from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their many open opportunities!
Join Asurion for dinner and an ice cream float social from 6pm-8pm in Marcus Nanotechnology Building Room 1116-1118!
Join Union Pacific from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about the importance and role of technology for railroads!
Join Union Pacific to learn about How Technology Drives Union Pacific at 6:30pm in Klaus 1116EW!
Join Viasat from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn more about their open opportunities!
Join Equifax for their Day in the Lobby from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn more about their open internship roles!
Join Zillow for their Day in the Lobby from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their open Software Development Engineer Internship!
Join Amazon in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm to meet their team of Amazon Software Development Engineers with any questions you have about what it's like to work at Amazon!
Join Amazon from 6:30pm-7:30pm to learn about their full-time and internship opportunities, culture and the recruitment process.
Join the Aerospace Corporation from 11am-4pm in CCB Commons to learn about their open positions for new grads and interns!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and learn more about Security & Approval Workflow!
A Fun Evening of Relaxation and Writing with North Ave Review & Erato
Join Lockheed Martin for their Women in STEM Panel at 6:30pm in Klaus 1116EW.
Join Walmart from 11am-4pm in the CCB Commons to learn about their open opportunities!
Register today to learn about Georgia Tech's transition to OneUSG Connect and learn more about Security & Approval Workflow!
Join Walmart from at 6:30pm in Klaus 1116EW for their Tech Talk!
Join Capital One for a Tech Talk on the technology behind Eno, Capital One's natural language intelligent assistant at 6:30pm in Klaus 1443.
We're playing oneshots together! An entire game played all at once. Choose from three different pitches and show up in Skiles at 2pm! Here's the survey to RSVP. See you there!
Join representatives from Varian Medical Systems from 11am-3pm in the CCB commons to learn more about their open opportunities!
Join L3Harris Technologies in the CCB Commons from 11am-4pm to learn about their open opportunities!
Join representatives from L3Harris Technologies at 6:30PM in Klaus 1116EW to learn about the early stages of self-discovery as a young professional to defining your mark and establishing yourself as a thought leader.
