Theology of the Body is the Catholic Church's teaching on marriage, family, gender, sexuality, and more, as developed by Pope St. John Paul II.
Lecture by Ivan Blasi, curator of awards and programs at the Mies van der Rohe Foundation.
Please save the date, September 4, 2019, for Georgia Tech’s 11th Annual Diversity Symposium, “Georgia Tech's Racial Diversity Journey: Recognizing Our Past, Acknowledging Our Present, and Charting Our Future.”
Join incoming President Ángel Cabrera as he addresses the campus for the first time
Join the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs and the Center for International Strategy, Technology, and Policy as they host Dr. Dimitri Mavris.
The School of History and Sociology presents the first speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Anne Pollock from King's College London.
From 11am -12pm, Dr. Wayne Clough, former president of Georgia Tech and former Secretary of the Smithsonian, will give a reading from and answer questions about his recently published book, Things New and Strange: A Southerner's Journey through the Smiths
Join the Women’s Resource Center, Women in Engineering, and the Center for Women, Science, and Technology for a welcome reception!
As part of Institute Diversity’s Intercultural Lecture Series, the 2019 HHM Lecture will feature Rosario Marin, former U.S. Treasurer, public speaker, political analyst, and author​.
John Lanier, Executive Director of the Ray C. Anderson Foundation and co-author of Mid-Course Correction Revisited, will discuss the life and work of his grandfather Ray C. Anderson.
Provost Rafael L. Bras has convened a search committee tasked with selecting the new dean for the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts, following the departure of Dean Jacqueline Royster.
The School of History and Sociology presents the second speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Jack E. Davis from the University of Florida.
Dr. Jana Harmon recently finished her Ph.D. at the University of Birmingham, England in which she investigated atheist conversions to Christianity.
Join the Leadership and Multifaith Program (LAMP) on September 26, 2019, from 12:30 to 5:00 PM, for a seminar on Law, Justice, and Religious Identity in America.
GTRI welcomes author Larry Loftis as part of its Friday Morning Seminar
Leaders in arts, science, business, and industry discussing global climate action
The School of History and Sociology welcomes James R. Elliott (Rice University) for a talk on the environment, sustainability, and community.
Students for Life is hosting Alveda King, niece of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Meet & Greet reception for GeorgiaTech and GSU faculty, students, and staff
The topic for the first Deep Startups of the Fall 2019 semester is Music Technology featuring Shachar Oren, previous Peloton executive for music innovation.
Dr. Eric Klinenberg, NYU sociologist and author of Palaces for the People, will host a workshop for Georgia Tech graduate students Monday, Oct. 7 from 10:30 a.m. to noon in Crosland Tower’s seventh floor meeting room (room 7130).
SLS welcomes Dr. Tiffany Johnson and Dr. Narin Hassan.
The School of History and Sociology presents the fourth speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Dana R. Fisher from the University of Maryland.
The Fall 2019 NANOFANS (Focusing on Advanced Nanobio Systems) Forum meeting will be held on October 10, 2019 (Thursday) from 11 AM – 2:30 PM at the Marcus Nanotechnology Building, Georgia Tech-Institute for Electronics & Nanotechnology (GT-IEN).
The 8th Atlanta Conference on Science and Innovation Policy to be held on October 14-16 2019 at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
The 8th Atlanta Conference on Science and Innovation Policy to be held on October 14-16 2019 at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
The 8th Atlanta Conference on Science and Innovation Policy to be held on October 14-16 2019 at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Prof. Ashley D. Spear will give a talk
The School of History and Sociology presents the fifth speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Deboleena Roy from Emory University.
The Southeastern Energy and Environmental Economics Workshop at Georgia Tech will be held October 24-25th, 2019.  The workshop focuses on the economic analysis of coupled energy, societal, and environmental systems.
The Southeastern Energy and Environmental Economics Workshop at Georgia Tech will be held October 24-25th, 2019.  The workshop focuses on the economic analysis of coupled energy, societal, and environmental systems.
The Southeastern Energy and Environmental Economics Workshop at Georgia Tech will be held October 24-25th, 2019.  The workshop focuses on the economic analysis of coupled energy, societal, and environmental systems.
Talks@Tech is an annual speaker series organized by Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honor Society at Georgia Tech.
Karen Head, associate professor, associate chair, and Executive Director of the Naugle Communication Center, will hold a reading of poetry from her new book Lost on Purpose, Wednesday, Oct. 30.
A talk by Prof. Brian German, director of the Georgia Tech Center for Urban and Regional Air Mobility
On November 4, the Center for European and Transatlantic Studies, a Jean Monnet Center of Excellence is honoring the 30th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
The School of History and Sociology presents the sixth speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, John McNeill from Georgetown University.
On November 5, the Republic of Korea Consul General, Kim Young-jun will be on Georgia Tech’s campus speaking about the Korean and US alliance and economic partnership.
Please join the Center for European and Transatlantic Studies and the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs for a panel discussion on "Breaking Up is (Still) Hard to Do: Brexit's State of Play and Consequences."
Meet three new College of Design faculty members representing the schools of Architecture, Industrial Design, and City Planning as they share their research.
Join the School of City & Regional Planning, the Student Planning Association, and Diana Hernández, our featured guest, as we celebrate World Town Planning Day in Georgia Tech’s new Living Building, the Kendeda Building.
The Georgia Tech Observatory welcomes viewers of Mercury's transit across the sun on Nov. 11.
Ambassador H.E. Francisco Santos of the Embassy of Colombia in Washington, D.C. will join us for a conversation about “Colombia at the Crossroads of Peace.” He will be interviewed by Jennie Lincoln from the Carter Center.
The School of History and Sociology presents the final speaker in the Fall 2019 Speakers Series, Paul Edwards from Stanford University.
Collaboratorium with Global Languages, Cultures, and Technologies (GLACT) Fellows
The Georgia Tech Alumni Association hosts a book-signing event for Michael E. Tennenbaum, Georgia Tech Foundation Trustee Emeritus and author of RISK: Living on the Edge.
The Ivan Allen College dean's office invites our majors and grad students, faculty, and staff to the ‘Rejuvenation Station’ on Wednesday, November 20, 2019 from 2:00 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. in Savant Building, Room 115.
Presenters Renee Kopkowski, vice president of Institute Communications, Tracey Reeves, AVP of News and Campus Communications, and Stephen Norris, assistant director of Social Media, will share the vision of the Institute Communications leadership team.
