"Encoding and Decoding Specificity in Adaptive Immunity by Deep Learning" - Sai Reddy, Ph.D. - ETH Zurich
"Precision Profiling of Microbiome-host Interactions via Single Molecule and Single Cell Sequencing" - Iwijn De Vlaminck, Ph.D. - Cornell University
"Innovation in Pediatric Device Development" - Speaker: Wilbur Lam, M.D., Ph.D. - Emory/Georgia Tech
"Neural Mechanisms of Movement Precision” - Abigail Person, Ph.D. - University of Colorado School of Medicine
"Ankle Exoskeletons to Restore Mobility Post-stroke" - Gregory Sawicki, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
"Computational Biomechanical Models of Human Pregnancy – Evaluating the Risk of Preterm Birth" - Kristin Myers, Ph.D., Columbia University
"Functional Imaging of the Human Brain: A Window into the Architecture of the Mind" - Nancy Kanwisher, Ph.D. - MIT
Getting Started with Mass Cytometry (CyTOF®) - Azucena Gomez-Cabrero, Ph.D. - Fluidigm Mass Cytometry
Strategies for adapting selected CVD precursor types for FEBID and efforts to identify privileged ligand classes and optimal coordination spheres for FEBID precursors will be discussed in the context of studies on Ru, Pt and Au complexes.
"Using Human Brain Organoids to Unveil Neuron-Glial Interactions During Development" - Steven A. Sloan, M.D., Ph.D. - Emory University
"Implanted Neurotechnology to Understand and Restore Arm and Hand Function" - Jennifer Collinger, Ph.D., University of Pittsburgh
"Perturbation-Imaging Approaches to Study Functional Contributions of Cortical Activity to Human Movement" - Michael Borich, D.P.T., Ph.D. - Emory University School of Medicine
"How Does a Breast Cell Learn to Become a Tissue, and What Happens When it Forgets" - Mina Bissell, Ph.D. - Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
"Biomimetic Drugs: In Vitro, In Vivo & Mechanistic Studies of 5-12mer Antibacterial Peptoids to Treat Respiratory Infections" - Annelise E. Barron, Ph.D. - Stanford School of Medicine & Engineering
"Helical Peptoid Mimics of the Hydrophobic Lung Surfactant Proteins Provide Effective In Vivo Treatment of Acute Lung Injury" - Annelise E. Barron, Ph.D. - Stanford School of Medicine & School of Engineering
"Learning to Program Cellular Machines: Harnessing Cells to Treat Disease, Build Tissues, and Elucidate Design Principles" - Wendell Lim, Ph.D. - University of California San Francisco
"Epilepsy – Beyond the Local Network" - Nigel Pedersen, M.D. - Emory University
“Telomere Length Regulation of Muscle Stem Cells in Chronic Injuries” - Foteini Mourkioti, Ph.D. - University of Pennsylvania
"Hyperbolic Geometry of the Olfactory Space" - Tatyana Sharpee, Ph.D. - Salk Institute
"Neural Decoding and Control of Multiscale Brain Networks: From Motor to Mood" - Maryam Shanechi, Ph.D. - University of Southern California
"Catheter Based Microscale Ultrasound Imaging Systems and Acousto-optical Sensors for Image Guided Interventions" - F. Levent Degertekin, Ph.D., Georgia Tech
"Two Forms of Plasticity in Adult Visual Cortex" - Michael Stryker, Ph.D. - University of California, San Francisco
"Bioengineered Human iPSC Tissue Model for Gaining Mechanistic and Therapeutic Insights into CPVT" - Sung-Jin Park, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech/Emory University
In this talk, I will present an in vitro hiPSC-CM-based platform to study the tissue-level properties of engineered human myocardium.
"Smart Photonic Biomaterials for Diagnostic and Therapeutic Applications" - Sei Kwang Hahn, Ph.D., POSTECH, Korea, Stanford University
“Evolution and Development of a Minimal Nervous System in our Closest Invertebrate Relatives”  - Alberto Stolfi, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
