The Center for Academic Success sponsors a half-day of workshops and faculty/student panels for undergraduates.
An event to welcome new students to Georgia Tech's community, celebrating the Institute's rich traditions and strong academic reputation.
The entire Georgia Tech community is invited to kick off the fall intramural season with the Flag Football Classic!
IRIM hosts a kickoff seminar event featuring presentations by robotics faculty.
IRIM hosts a semester kickoff event featuring presentations and posters by robotics faculty and students.
Perform at numerous events, participate in dance covers, and have the opportunity to compete in local K-pop dance competitions
The GVU Center kicks off the weekly Brown Bag Seminar Series with a GVU Center overview and introduction of funded research projects.
An event to welcome incoming graduate students to Georgia Tech's community, celebrating the Institute's rich traditions and strong academic reputation.
A celebration honoring Dean Royster.
The Student Veterans at Georgia Tech are having their annual luncheon and networking reception.
Campus Safety Day is a large scale event highlighting safety resources in and around the campus community.
Join incoming President Ángel Cabrera as he addresses the campus for the first time
IRIM hosts its annual Industry & Student Mixer
GTRI welcomes author Larry Loftis as part of its Friday Morning Seminar
The Ballroom Dance Club at Georgia Tech is excited to present another magical social dance.
The Georgia Tech Symphony Orchestra opens the fall concert season.
The Georgia Tech Concert and Symphonic bands join forces to open their concert season.
Meet & Greet reception for GeorgiaTech and GSU faculty, students, and staff
The Jazz Ensemble II and Jazz Combos present their first fall concert.
Parent & Family Programs collaborates with numerous campus partners and local vendors every fall to welcome back our families for a special weekend.
Welcoming All Ivan Allen College Undergraduate Parents and Families
All of the Georgia Tech choirs come together for one unforgettable concert.
Parent & Family Programs collaborates with numerous campus partners and local vendors every fall to welcome back our families for a special weekend.
Parent & Family Programs collaborates with numerous campus partners and local vendors every fall to welcome back our families for a special weekend.
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensemble I and Chamber Orchestra join forces to present a concert of music composed by Aaron Copland.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
Free Harry Potter themed activities and screening of the first movie.
India Club at Georgia Tech Presents Diwali Carnival!
Sky @ Georgia Tech hosts a workshop on public speaking.
The Georgia Tech Treble Choir's fall concert
Georgia Tech's Rock and Pop ensemble bring you a night of classic tunes in their first show of the semester.
Ceremony introduces the twelfth president of Georgia Tech
Talks@Tech is an annual speaker series organized by Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honor Society at Georgia Tech.
RESCHEDULED FOR NOV. 1. Physics students organize Halloween fun to raise funds for student travel to conferences.
Georgia Tech's Mini 500 race is a tradition that has been an essential part of homecoming events since 1969.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket Marching Band
This concert features classical Indian music that reflects the moods of different times of day.
In 1911, the first Cake Race was held as an open cross-country run at Georgia Tech.
Come enjoy cultural organizations, student art, live performances, and food.
Taste of Africa is a gala inundated with treasures of African cultures.
CEISMC Hosts Fall Saturday STEMlabs at Georgia Tech-Savannah
The GT Chorale and Treble Choir perform both serious and lighter works.
The Georgia Tech Observatory welcomes viewers of Mercury's transit across the sun on Nov. 11.
The Veterans Resource Center is hosting a Veterans Day Lunch Monday November 11th for Student Veterans, Staff and Faculty.
The College Diabetes Network at Georgia Tech hosts an educational event in honor of Diabetes Month.
A concert featuring the Georgia Tech Glee Club.
POSTPONED  Experience a musical and visual feast for the senses as contemporary vocal, dance and instrumental artists take the stage with the GT Symphony Orchestra.
Four early film classics receive brand-new musical scores performed by the GT Symphony Orchestra.
POSTPONED  Experience a musical and visual feast for the senses as contemporary vocal, dance and instrumental artists take the stage with the GT Symphony Orchestra.
Happy Holidays!  Chamber Orchestra presents your favorite holiday tunes.
The GT Chamber Choir performs settings of the "Song of Mary" that includes plainsong to modern works.
Annual French event hosted by School of Modern Languages
A concert featuring Georgia Tech's Concert band and Symphonic band.
The GT Jazz Combos present their final Fall concert.
The Chamber Choir performs their increasingly popular student-led concert.
The oldest student organization on the GT campus performs its regular end-of-term concert with a variety of unaccompanied, zany, musical selections.
The Georgia Tech campus is closed in recognition of a national holiday
The Georgia Tech campus is closed in recognition of a national holiday
The Georgia Tech Jazz Ensembles present their final Fall concert.
Free concert of holiday anthems!
LAUNCHPAD showcases student work from all years and programs in the Georgia Tech School of Industrial Design.
