"Encoding and Decoding Specificity in Adaptive Immunity by Deep Learning" - Sai Reddy, Ph.D. - ETH Zurich
"Precision Profiling of Microbiome-host Interactions via Single Molecule and Single Cell Sequencing" - Iwijn De Vlaminck, Ph.D. - Cornell University
"Innovation in Pediatric Device Development" - Speaker: Wilbur Lam, M.D., Ph.D. - Emory/Georgia Tech
Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc. (SGH®) is an award-winning engineering firm.
"Neural Mechanisms of Movement Precision” - Abigail Person, Ph.D. - University of Colorado School of Medicine
Levi Wood, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech, and Peter Yunker, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
"Ankle Exoskeletons to Restore Mobility Post-stroke" - Gregory Sawicki, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
"Computational Biomechanical Models of Human Pregnancy – Evaluating the Risk of Preterm Birth" - Kristin Myers, Ph.D., Columbia University
"Functional Imaging of the Human Brain: A Window into the Architecture of the Mind" - Nancy Kanwisher, Ph.D. - MIT
Getting Started with Mass Cytometry (CyTOF®) - Azucena Gomez-Cabrero, Ph.D. - Fluidigm Mass Cytometry
An overview of recent advances in Silicon Carbide (SiC) MOSFET power semiconductor devices and packaging technology
Adam Barkley, Solutions Architect in the Power Electronics Systems R&D team at Wolfspeed
"Using Human Brain Organoids to Unveil Neuron-Glial Interactions During Development" - Steven A. Sloan, M.D., Ph.D. - Emory University
Dr. Jana Harmon recently finished her Ph.D. at the University of Birmingham, England in which she investigated atheist conversions to Christianity.
"Implanted Neurotechnology to Understand and Restore Arm and Hand Function" - Jennifer Collinger, Ph.D., University of Pittsburgh
"Perturbation-Imaging Approaches to Study Functional Contributions of Cortical Activity to Human Movement" - Michael Borich, D.P.T., Ph.D. - Emory University School of Medicine
"How Does a Breast Cell Learn to Become a Tissue, and What Happens When it Forgets" - Mina Bissell, Ph.D. - Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
F. Levent Degertekin, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech, and John Oshinski, Ph.D. - Emory University/Georgia Tech
"Biomimetic Drugs: In Vitro, In Vivo & Mechanistic Studies of 5-12mer Antibacterial Peptoids to Treat Respiratory Infections" - Annelise E. Barron, Ph.D. - Stanford School of Medicine & Engineering
Integrated 3D Anatomical Model for Automatic Myocardial Segmentation in Cardiac CT Imagery
"Helical Peptoid Mimics of the Hydrophobic Lung Surfactant Proteins Provide Effective In Vivo Treatment of Acute Lung Injury" - Annelise E. Barron, Ph.D. - Stanford School of Medicine & School of Engineering
"Learning to Program Cellular Machines: Harnessing Cells to Treat Disease, Build Tissues, and Elucidate Design Principles" - Wendell Lim, Ph.D. - University of California San Francisco
"Epilepsy – Beyond the Local Network" - Nigel Pedersen, M.D. - Emory University
“Telomere Length Regulation of Muscle Stem Cells in Chronic Injuries” - Foteini Mourkioti, Ph.D. - University of Pennsylvania
"Hyperbolic Geometry of the Olfactory Space" - Tatyana Sharpee, Ph.D. - Salk Institute
"Neural Decoding and Control of Multiscale Brain Networks: From Motor to Mood" - Maryam Shanechi, Ph.D. - University of Southern California
Steve Diggle, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech, and Cassie Mitchell, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
"Catheter Based Microscale Ultrasound Imaging Systems and Acousto-optical Sensors for Image Guided Interventions" - F. Levent Degertekin, Ph.D., Georgia Tech
"Two Forms of Plasticity in Adult Visual Cortex" - Michael Stryker, Ph.D. - University of California, San Francisco
"Bioengineered Human iPSC Tissue Model for Gaining Mechanistic and Therapeutic Insights into CPVT" - Sung-Jin Park, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech/Emory University
In this talk, I will present an in vitro hiPSC-CM-based platform to study the tissue-level properties of engineered human myocardium.
"Smart Photonic Biomaterials for Diagnostic and Therapeutic Applications" - Sei Kwang Hahn, Ph.D., POSTECH, Korea, Stanford University
“Evolution and Development of a Minimal Nervous System in our Closest Invertebrate Relatives”  - Alberto Stolfi, Ph.D. - Georgia Tech
Deborah Leckband, Ph.D. - University of Illinois
