Chinese Christian Fellowship hosts a welcome party mainly for new Chinese students. Some team-building activities and the introduction of the fellowship will take place.
Meet Greet N' Munch is the first social event in the Fall 2019 hosted by Asha for Education GT chapter for welocming the new students on campus.
This two-day workshop on August 27 and 29 consists of four individual sessions. Each session satisfies one hour of the in-person RCR compliance training requirement for trainees funded by applicable NSF or NIH projects.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
Meeting for the group Eagles@GT.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
“What I Wish I Knew Then, That I Know Now” with Pre-Health, Fellowship and Undergraduate Research student panel
This two-day workshop on August 27 and 29 consists of four individual sessions. Each session satisfies one hour of the in-person RCR compliance training requirement for trainees funded by applicable NSF or NIH projects.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
This event will provide information for new and returning SHS Ambassadors.
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
A session dedicated to being successful in Pyscholohy at Tech.
Impact Presents: "How You Lead Matters"
This is one of a series of talks that are given by Professor Chen.
The event will provide some suggestions for Career Fair on Sept. 9-10. Experienced students will give guidance to newer students.
First meeting of the year for Project Smile.
Come and learn more about internship and full-time opportunities at P&G! Hosted by the Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers.
An event where industry supply chain representatives meet with supply chain students
Training by Turning Technologies :PowerPoint power plays
Exponent and IEEE PES @ GT will be holding an info and recruiting session for PhD Students
OpenIDEO hosts a night of networking and food through the lens of paper airplanes.
This is our info session where we will be going over what Science.Art.Wonder is and our general timeline.
A reading of French playwrights work in conjunction with Modern Languages Lecture
Documentary on a soul-searching journey to the roots of Brazil and discussion with co-producer Kirk Bowman of School of International Affairs. Faculty, students, staff and friends are invited
Come and partake in RUF's first "The Gospel in the Ordinary" roundtable discussion
Algorithms can give voice to the dead in this series of films by Gwenola Wagon & Pierre Cassou-Noguès
Provides a friendly competition where students play on teams that represent different countries across the world. Offered in collaboration with GT-SHPE. Sponsored by Eaton Corporation.
Join us for the 2019 Atlanta Practices Lecture by Joe Greco of Lord Aeck Sargent, A Katerra Company.
In this talk Morphing Matter Lab recent works are presented.
Witness a dizzying display by an aerial dancer immersed in 3D lighting design.
'Resilience Through Moving to a New Country' panel event hosted by the Resilience and HOLA ERGs
The GT CNRS UMI Laboratory has been hard at work since 2006.  All are welcome to this event celebrating our achievements
This is the first of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
2019 Lichten winner Ben Leo will talk with rotorcraft enthusiasts about how to submit
This is the second of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
Join us for Episode #9 of the Speedwell Foundation Talks and the Newsweek Momentum Awards.
This two-day workshop on October 23 and 24 consists of four individual sessions. Each session satisfies one hour of the in-person RCR compliance training requirement for trainees funded by applicable NSF or NIH projects.
This is the third of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
In collaboration with the French Consulate of Atlanta and the Institute Francais, BAST will give a lecture on October 23
Exhibition reception for Continuita: Modernism in Milano & I See What You Did There: 2019 Barcelona Studio
Join us for an open house to celebrate the completion of The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design.
The purpose of the event is to discuss the stigmas regarding sexual violence and how they differ among various cultures.
This talk will introduce Disney Animation as created from a visionary who believed technology should be pushed to its limits.
Kenny Pugh presents Intro to Agile: an Alternative Approach to PM, a glimpse into Coca Cola’s transition from Waterfall to Agile
This is the last of four preliminary rounds of the 3MT competition for graduate students.
This two-day workshop on October 23 and 24 consists of four individual sessions. Each session satisfies one hour of the in-person RCR compliance training requirement for trainees funded by applicable NSF or NIH projects.
A festive showcase featuring pumpkins turned into spirited lanterns inspired by the study of influential designers.
More details to come. Event to take place in the new Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
Diemo Schwarz of  is holding a talk about the research work conducted at IRCAM (Institute for Research and Coordination in Acoustics/Music).
More details to come. Event to take place in the new Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
More details to come. Event to take place in the new Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
All are invited! You will hear from ~150 academic and research faculty as they share their work in sustainability research and education. Held in the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design (aka “the Living Building”).
A-Town Showdown: Join A-Town Showdown and Chai Talks GSU to discuss queer & trans identity within the South Asian community while enjoying chai and other snacks.
An event where industry supply chain representatives meet with supply chain students
Peter S. Dodds presents “The Science of Stories: Measuring and Exploring the Ecology of Human Stories with Lexical Instruments” on November 6.
Join us for Dr. Burk’s presentation on her career, followed by a Q&A  and short reception
All are invited to a conversation between scientists and authors to celebrate the International Year of the Periodic Table.
SEDS and WoAA are sponsoring an info talk with recruiters from Blue Origin
Documentary Screening Co hosted by CHHS and France Atlanta
Join the Event Coordinators' Network for the 11th Annual Workshop, Celebrating 10 Years of Event Planning Excellence
This training event will allow a better understanding of  the Turnitin Similarity Report.
This training event will allow a better understanding of  the Turnitin Similarity Report.
A workshop focused on the challenges facing the nation’s electric systems.
Join OIE for a men of color panel discussion about international experiences.
“The I-CORPS Experience: Hear First-hand from Your Colleagues” - PhasBio, Cytomatrix, Huxley Medical
Dr. Yang Zhong will discuss the religiosity and socio-political values of Chinese Christian and how these views impact the development of civil society in China.
This is the final round of the 3MT Competition for graduate students.
A workshop focused on the challenges facing the nation’s electric systems.
Saqafat is a colorful exhibition of the culture and traditions of Pakistan and intends to promote country’s culture within the broader Georgia Tech community.
AGSC Tuesday Collaboratorium: Lunch with a Member of the Atlanta Consular Corps -- Conversation with Consul General of Brazil, Carlos de Abreu: "Advancing Brazilian Studies in the Greater Atlanta Region"
