A Biological Sciences Seminar by Scott Carver, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Ravindra Duddu, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
An Atlanta Science Tavern lecture by Sam Brown, School of Biological Sciences
The first event of the semester for the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Convex Relaxations of the Power Flow Equations: Overview and Selected Applications
Lecture by Ivan Blasi, curator of awards and programs at the Mies van der Rohe Foundation.
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Young C. Jang, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Taka Ito, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
School of Physics Soft Condensed Matter & Physics of Living Systems Seminar:Prof. Jana Shen, University of Maryland School of Pharmacy
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Galen Reeves from Duke University.
A seminar by Dr. Chris Reinhard, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Sam Brown, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Casey Wall, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
A talk by Prof. John Schmisseur
The Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering invites you to hear "High-Speed Imaging of Unsteady Shock Interactions" a talk by Prof. John Schmisseur
Frontiers in Science Lecture celebrating the periodic table, with Monica Halka, Georgia Tech Honors Program
Carbon Trading Simulation, led by Josh Margolis from Environmental Defense Fund
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Chandrajit Bajaj from the University of Texas.
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Aleksandra Walczak, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Daniel Gebregiorgis, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Talk by writer, Amin Erfani
Prof. Anirban Mazumdar will give a talk
Meditation with SKY at Georgia Tech.
Intro to Pottery Classes at Paper & Clay
A talk by Dr. Al Brand, Bell Flight
Collaboratorium with School of Modern Languages faculty on on  Education for Sustainable Development
Introductory Cross-Stitching Classes at Paper & Clay
A seminar by Isabel Nias, NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
A seminar by Dr. Isabel Nias, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Intro to Pottery Classes at Paper & Clay
Introductory Cross-Stitching Classes at Paper & Clay
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Vijay Subramanian from the University of Michigan
A seminar by Dr. Allison Steiner, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
SLS welcomes Dr. Tiffany Johnson and Dr. Narin Hassan.
Hosted by IEEE PES @ Georgia Tech
Introductory Cross-Stitching Classes at Paper & Clay
A School of Physics Public Lecture by David Hu, 2019 Ig Nobel Prize Winner
School of Physics, Nonlinear Science & Mathematics Seminar, Dr. Souvik Mandal - Harvard University
SGA Faculty Speaker Series
A seminar by Dr. Hilairy Hartnett, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Prof. Angela Schoellig will give a talk
Frontiers in Science Lecture celebrating the periodic table, with David Clark, Los Alamos National Laboratory
ISyE Department Seminar - Bianca Maria Colosimo
SGA Faculty Speaker Series
A workshop conducted by Ecole polytechnique for scientists and faculty of Georgia Tech
A seminar by Dr. Natalie Burls, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Prof. Ashley D. Spear will give a talk
School of Physics, Condensed Matter and AMO Seminar | Dr. Sidong Lei | Georgia State University |
A workshop conducted by Ecole polytechnique for musicians of Georgia Tech.
Felicity Rose and Ricky Wildman
Professors Michael Thouless, Ph.D.  and Yifan Liu, Ph.D. - University of Michigan presenting.
School of Physics, Soft Condensed Matter & Physics of Living Systems Seminar, Dr. Steffen Lindert, Ohio State University
A School of Physics Public Lecture by John Wise and Gongjie Li
Workshop on language, technology, and society with Diyi Yang, assistant professor of Computer Science at Georgia Tech.
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Arcadi Navarro, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Clara Deser, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
A Work Science Center Distinguished Lecture by Eric Heggestad, University of North Carolina, Charlotte
School of Physics, Nonlinear Science & Mathematics Seminar| Dr. Hitesh Changlani| Florida State University
Prof. Eleonora Tubaldi
Join the Institute for Materials for our Materials Seminar featuring Dr. Brina Brinzler from the Chalmers University of Technology.
Prof. Prof. Venkat Narayanswamy will give a talk
Introductory Cross-Stitching Classes at Paper & Clay
School of Physics, Nonlinear Science & Mathematics Seminar, Dr. Victor Ortega-Jimenez - Kennesaw State University
Robophysics: Physics Meets Robotics
ISyE Department Seminar - Kevin Leder
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Laurie Stevison, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Kim Prather, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Prof. Frank Dellaert
Frontiers in Science Lecture celebrating the periodic table, with Taka Ito, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Frontiers in Science Lecture celebrating the periodic table, with Taka Ito, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
School of Physics, Soft Condensed Matter & Physics of Living Systems Seminar, Dr. Seppe Kuehn, University of Illinois
ISyE Department Seminar - Amin Karbasi
Workshop on language, technology, and society with James N. Stanford, associate professor of linguistics at Dartmouth College.
An invited lecture from Dr. James Stanford, Dartmouth College
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Yang Chai, D.D.S., Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Laure Zanna, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
Prof. Justin Wilkerson
Introduction to Machine Learning
School of Physics, Soft Condensed Matter & Physics of Living Systems Seminar, Dr. Liheng Cai, University of Virginia
School of Physics, Condensed Matter and AMO Seminar | Prof. Arun Paramekanti | University of Toronto|
Frontiers in Science Lecture celebrating the periodic table, with Margaret Kosal, Sam Nunn School of International Affairs
Frontiers in Science Lecture celebrating the periodic table, with Margaret Kosal, Sam Nunn School of International Affairs
Introduction to Machine Learning
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Aikaterini Kontrogianni-Konstantopoulos, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. Jonathan Martin, School of Earth Atmospheric Sciences
A Talk by Prof. Kai James
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by David Bamman, an assistant professor from the University of California, Berkeley.
A Planetary Science & Astrobiology Seminar by Amanda Stockton
Introductory Cross-Stitching Classes at Paper & Clay
School of Physics, Nonlinear Science & Mathematical Physics Seminar | Dr.Guillermo Amador | Max Planck Institute|
ISyE Department Seminar - Asu Ozdagler
A Biological Sciences Seminar by Trisha Kesar, PT, Ph.D.
A seminar by Dr. John Wettlaufer, School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
The Machine Learning Center at Georgia Tech invites you to a seminar by Marija Mikic, Site Lead at Google Los Angeles.
ISyE Seminar- Gian-Gabriel Garcia
ISyE Seminar-  Jiayi Yu
