Check out the annual Campus Recreation Center (CRC) closure dates.
The application for BuzzBike fall semester bike rental opens
Come audition for Nothin' but Treble, Georgia Tech's premier all-female a cappella group.
Come audition for Nothin' but Treble, Georgia Tech's premier all-female a cappella group.
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
Open auditions are being held for the all-male a cappella group.
The Waterski and Wakeboard Club will discuss the status of the club and possible future trips.
An Inform Georgia Tech Series Event: Driving Your Career at Tech
LGBTQIA Resource Center will host its Student Welcome Reception
GT Off-Road (Baja SAE) is recruiting new members!
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
The Web of Brilliance hosts an informal chat with Mike Meyer of the Chattahoochee Riverkeeper
Wreck Racing is student-led competition team that builds vehicles to compete in the Grassroots Motorsports Magazine $2000 Challenge.
Georgia Tech will be testing all of the emergency notification systems inlcuding the outdoor sirens and GTENS.
“Trailblazers: The Struggle and the Promise” – a dedication of bronze sculptures in honor of the first African American matriculants and the first African American graduate of the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Join us on September 5, 2019 for Georgia Tech Smart Cities and Inclusive Innovation's GA Smart Fall Workshop!
Wreckfest tailgate to kick off Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
For The Kids at Georgia Tech, a student-led philanthropy benefitting Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, is seeking members.
PMI founder and Tech Alum Jim Snyder speaking as part of week long activities
CARE's Ribbon Cutting to be celebrated during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Panel discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Workshop to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
At this event, service fraternity Alpha Phi Omega will be creating cards which will be given to local first responders to show our appreciation for their service to the community.
Service fraternity Alpha Phi Omega will be hosting Smash N' Cakes, an event in which we play Smash Bros and make pancakes.
Speaker event to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Documentary & Discussion to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Yoga on Tech Green to be held during Georgia Tech's inaugural Suicide Prevention Week
Join us for Georgia Tech Pride Alliance's first annual Queer Career Fair!
Join the Office of Solid Waste Management & Recycling to support the collection of recyclables from tailgates & outside the stadium on game day!
The Georgia Tech student chapter of the Intelligent Transportation Society is having a technical session
Impact Presents: "It All Started in Tower Dorm"
Official team tryouts for the GT Squash Club.
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
Impact Presents: "Alex Gonzalez, Atlanta Metro Chamber"
Google Networking Session and LGBTQ+ "Ask Me Anything" Panel
Students for Life is hosting Alveda King, niece of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
The Georgia Tech American Red Cross Club is participating in a 5K volunteer event for Miles for Melanoma on October 5.
Join the Office of Solid Waste Management & Recycling to support the collection of recyclables from tailgates & outside the stadium on game day!
Ebola Responder Reports on Latest Developments in Congo
Join Pride Alliance a number of on campus student organizations and departments as we welcome Atlanta Pride on Campus.
TWiM will be recording a live podcast from Georgia Tech.
On October 19th, we will be volunteering at Birthright of Atlanta Pregnancy Resource Center.
Zeta Tau Alpha, is hosting Rumble for the Ribbon - our annual flag football tournament benefitting Breast Cancer Education and Awareness.
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry.
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry.
Impact Presents: Elaine Dinos, Kindred
The Georgia Tech Love Your Melon Crew is hosting a DKMS Swab Drive to add members to the Bone Marrow Donor Registry.
Celebrate Halloween designing costumes with Design Bloc and OpenIDEO Atlanta Chapter at Georgia Tech.
For the Kids at Georgia Tech (FTK) raises money and awareness for Children's Miracle Network and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The Annual NPHC Homecoming Stepshow, showcasing our Divine 9 organizations.
Asha for Education hosts a game night benefitting underprivileged children in India.
Sponsored by the Green Chamber of Commerce and RCE Greater Atlanta
EAS will be hosting former GT EAS student Lauren Reaves, meteorologist at NWS Peachtree City, GA, for their weekly weather chat!
A QBioS Brown-bag Seminar
Meet & Greet: YouTube sensation Zach Kornfeld of the Try Guys
Join the Office of Solid Waste Management & Recycling with the collection of recyclables from tailgates & outside the stadium on game day!
During this event, attendees will create mini toiletry kits for a local women and children’s shelter. Please bring a dozen of any one mini toiletry item (mini shampoos, conditioner, lotion, soap, etc).
Health Initiatives will offer free HIV testing for the Georgia Tech community.
